Rating,Review
1,"The volume is so low even on the loudest setting, even if you hold it to your ear you can't listen the breathing/ heartbeat sounds. It was a gift to someone and unfortunately I can't return it now, waste of money!! It's used just as a soft toy now, could have just bought a soft toy and would have cost much less."
1,"Can't get the other to play sounds for more than a few seconds, nothing in the instruction manual addresses this so I don't know if ours is faulty or what. Really quite upset and disappointed"
1,"The otter is composed of the clothing that is of poor quality, the body inside is very large, very heavy. The sounds and lights are mediocre."
1,"Idea worthless gift... I do not recommend unfortunately the noise of this nightlight is not at all pleasant, the plush is pretty but it stops the..."
1,"I am very unhappy with this product, which is surprising since I am a huge Fisher-Price fan. I think I must have received a defective item because the breathing and movement options only stay on for about 3 seconds. I have tried replacing batteries but that did not help. The music stays on long-term, but I got it for the breathing and sounds. I would return the item however my husband disposed of all packaging materials before I had a chance to use it. Extremely disappointed and a waste of $40."
1,"Very disappointed, I loved this little otter, everything was pleasant until its disfunction after a week, the breathing mechanism stopped after a few seconds, after a quick exchange, the second otter was even more malfunctioning. I had to ask for a refund. This product is not to the point despite the good idea. Too bad my 6-month-old son loved him..."
1,"I was not able to test the white noises and the breathing mode.Whatever happens, the plush is too hard on the belly, which is normal since it houses the whole sound system.I'm glad to see what it was like to see the praises I had. But glad to have returned it too!"
1,"Very disappointed with this product. Immediately delivered, first bad surprise, the product was not new. Then, when starting it, it stops after 3 or 4 seconds and the sounds are accompanied by a fairly pronounced mechanical noise."
1,"A great gift for babies, our 7 month old daughter is happy when he is at her side. Even our 6 year old sleeps with it a"
1,"First delivery: Breath movements don't work. Second delivery: Engine is so loud, I don't want to do that to my child.Unfortunately, I was really looking forward to it."
1,"This thing was such a disappointment! It turns off after about a second of playing. It worked well a couple times in the beginning so I was hopeful it was just a glitch because I didn’t change the battery’s from when it was in its packaging, but no. It makes no difference. Waste of money"
1,Didn’t work properly. So much money for nothing good.
1,"worst damn thing i ever ordered, it only worked for couple days then stopped altogether, i changed the battery’s an still no difference. the part that goes in an out stopped working completely."
1,Product didn’t work.  Couldn’t turn off the demo button. And the instructions don’t mention the demo button!
1,"Actually a nice idea, the functions are very nice and reassuring. Our daughter 15 months found him great.Now the big hook comes: he does not work any more after a short time, always goes off on his own and can then no longer be switched on.He was returned and ordered elsewhere, but also the second one there was the same problem. Also this was returned and we don't want any more. Battery change (supplied batteries are probably only intended for demo purposes in the shop) helped nothing at all."
1,Unfortunately the otter was defective and did not work or always only for a few seconds as with a wobble contact.
1,Terrible. Waste of money. It is huge for a child. It is super hard in the middle and not cuddly at all!!!
1,I offered it to my sister and it does not work and impossible to exchange it!!! Super super disappointed!!!
1,after only 2 months the mechanism that mimics the breath has broken.sin was a good product but given the duration and the price I do not recommend it.
1,"The week I buy it, it's been damaged. It's not going to music."
1,"Already the 2nd attempt - unfortunately both otters have a wobble contact or somewhere the electronics spins. If you move the otter it just goes out or he just stops the work without any action before the actual 30 minutes. So for our Lütte a pure fall, although the idea is great. Too bad."
1,Only works for seconds at a time. Terrible
1,Soon there will be no electricity
1,"Shipping as well as well top, BUT was very disappointed when I tried the alone in demo mode only 10sec. Music with rushing, hacking the movement of the belly and the loud mechanic sounds that rob a nerves rather than relax and calm down with a long buzzing at the end went backNo recommendation to buy"
1,"Hello, I don't understand the waste my son has a problem she shuts down alone after a few seconds"
2,"I was really looking forward to the otter and was disappointed, he looks super cute but unfortunately the engine that makes the breathing so loud and annoying that I never use it, it cracks right and just seems cheap. Also bothers me that the operation lies inside and can only be opened with Velcro, this is then briefly also very loud and disturbs my baby."
2,"The slumber otter is actually a nice product. The sounds as well as the ""breathing"" of the animal are soothing and the music is wonderful. I was really excited about the otter that I bought as a gift for a newborn. Unfortunately, after barely two weeks of use, he already had a defect, because the music and the breathing movement did not work properly anymore. Amazon quickly made a remedy and so I was able to exchange the product for the friends I had given it to. Unfortunately, the second product after not even two months of use also shows the error, which is very sad and leads to the fact that I will not give the otter any more. :/"
2,"In itself I find the otter great, unfortunately we had already for the second time a model, which after a few weeks is defective. The button on the belly for automatic on and off was both times suddenly defective and does not work anymore. The different sounds, songs, the light and also the optics are very nice and soothing and our daughter has become so accustomed to falling asleep with the little (and I also ) that we will now probably or badly order one for the third time and hope that this will last longer this time!!!"
2,"To be honest I don't get all the excitement about this fuzz ball. I personally think its waaaay overpriced for the few functions that it has! A very good substitute toy for this one is an elephant which has star projector/music/heart beat from Walmart for $15, I got as baby shower gift which is much more on demand than this toy. I only like the music verity, its very soft and beautiful, but I hate that it has the light that you can't jut switch off, it turns on w/ music. Or you can't disable to ""breathing"". There is a very stiff mechanical device inside the body so you gotta watch this toy dropping on the floor. Would have returned it immediately if we haven't recycled the packaging box. We opened allot of baby toys that day and all the wrapping was placed in trash can. I ended up just re-gifting this toy to another person as is who had triplets."
2,"I was recommended to buy this by a family member who had purchased it for her kids.

Prior to purchasing I did read some concerning reviews and was a little skeptical as it’s pretty pricey but wanted to give it a chance. The toy is extremely soft and easy to set up to use. The functions allow you to choose music, a light which you can dim or brighten and breathing function. We used this combo for my 1 yr old and she would fall asleep watching it.

Less than a month later sadly I have to return it as the belly doesn’t move up and down for more than 10 seconds it’s also cuts off the music and light before I even leave her room. Pressing the belly back in I can hear a loud clicking sound that wasn’t there when initially turning it on. I hope this isn’t a ongoing issue as I’m unsure if I want to order another one."
2,Would be a nice sleeping toy if the engine of the belly breathing wasn't constantly defective. I now sent the second one back with defective.Otherwise music and light very nice. But for the price I expect a baby toy to last longer than 2 months. Therefore I can't recommend it.
2,I bought this product months ago for when my son was born. The otter is very cute and I was excited to use it. However I just started using it and it turns on and shuts off after 15 seconds and gets stuck in the up position and won’t go back down and the music turns off. I really wanted to love this product.  It is so cute and soft but not worth the money. I returned the product
2,"The plush is much less cute than on the photos (big head) and is too heavy for a baby. The box inside is very large. The motor of the ""snoring"" makes a lot of noise, especially if you put the rest of the sounds not strong. To change the noises, you have to open the back of the plush each time, which is not practical. The only positive point in my opinion is that the sounds, melodies are pleasant and well adjustable in volume. I had heard good opinions about this plush but I am very disappointed. And I cannot return it once opened, given how you have to open the cardboard to access it. Very bad..."
2,"The button to activate this is on the otter's tummy and very sensitive.  So, if my upset baby activates it, it turns itself off IMMEDIATELY at the first ""breath"" it takes because the tummy expands and presses the button against the cuddling baby.  If I turn it on and keep it away from him, it's a miracle. But he can never touch it or go near it or it will turn off IMMEDIATELY.  I have to watch these cry/calm/cry/calm dramas over the baby monitor and it's infuriating.  The Fisher Price ""Snug a puppy"" stays on for 15 minutes once pressed.  I thought it was annoying at first, ""Why can't I turn this thing off!?"" But now I get it.  This thing could be revolutionary but it amounts to junk because the very sensitive button is smack dab in the center of the glowing and moving tummy which, of course, is where any baby or toddler will want to touch and cuddle immediately.  Please make a new version that stays on!!!!!! And contact me or send it to me!!!!!!!! This thing is amazing when I play ""keep away"" with it but totally impossible to use for the purpose of self soothing.  Just mom initiated and overseen soothing. Not good for babies who can move on their own."
2,"Very cute tweezers, light and soft music. Negative points: - it is impossible to use also duvet because it is very heavy because of the box inside, - it is necessary to remove the scratch each time to adjust the teddy So it serves as decoration in the bed of my son..."
2,"I bought this as a Christmas present for my 6 month old Grandson, we have changed the batteries but his belly has stopped working. He absolutely loves it but now after not even a month it’s developed a fault. How do i get a replacement?"
2,"It stops constantly due to a resistance of the fabric that covers the button on/off. It is really tiring. Otherwise, pretty, soft and its adjustable."
2,"My daughter is 8 months old and likes to cuddle at night at her otter. Yes, I also think that the engine is quite ""loud"", but that calms my baby even further. Super sound selection and very nice work. 11. November The electronics is unfortunately defective. The belly lifts only briefly and then seems to clamp. Very bad!"
2,Unfortunately I had to make the return for product not working.
2,"The otter looks very cute, the little night light on his belly is practical for the night and as a music box I find it not bad, because the melodies are very nice and soothing.However, I bought it first of all, because I thought that these breathing noises and lifting and lowering of the belly could be calming and helping to fall asleep.My child (6 months) first laughed and then she found it kind of stupid.The engine is very loud, because you don't hear the rest of the noises well anymore, unless you set the volume relatively high. My personal opinion is that this part is not so helpful in ""sleep problems""."
2,"It’s super cute and this would be great, but the motor makes this loud squeaking sound and has the very first time I turned it on. Changed the batteries and that didn’t work. For the amount of money it was, I’m pretty disappointed."
2,"If you want to change the setting you have to open a velcro closure at the back. However, this is so loud that not only your own baby but probably still wakes up the neighbor's baby."
3,"I have received this little otter for my daughter, but I have a problem I can't adjust the plush..I have changed the batteries as indicated, once I press on the belly of the otter she makes music and swells her belly 30 seconds and stops..Maybe someone will have a solution?Thank you in advance"
3,"The otter itself, is cute, and also cuddly. Unfortunately, I have to say that I feel the engine as quite loud, which does not contribute to falling asleep. The music, goes like this, unfortunately they are not played very long and changes quickly. Also the noises, I find sometimes rather disturbing, rather than reassuring. With us, he unfortunately did not help."
3,"But the functionality of the built-in electronics, especially at this price, is not satisfactory. pros +Fabric animal in itself well processed, soft and optically appealing for children +nightlight function => Good +heartbeat function => i.e. cons songs cannot be selected (fixed loop) mechanism, which simulates the ""breathing"" of the stuffed animal, VIEL too loud. (at low volume, the music will simply overwhelm) -music playback quality is not satisfactory. (is accompanied by a very high unpleasant whistle tone) Since we wanted to use this stuffed animal mainly as a music clock, this is unfortunately unusable for us. I can't agree with the many positive reviews. The Otter (the idea is still good) goes back."
3,"The description of this plush has sold of the dream, and unfortunately I have been very on it It is not at all convenient to use. To change mode(musical to white noise) you have to unscratch the opening behind, it is the same to increase or decrease the volume and intensity of the brightness. The sound or imitation of snoring, the sound of the mechanism is not pleasant. For the texture it does not have to say anything again, it is very soft to the touch."
3,"I don't normally write reviews, but for this I will. Its cute, very soft. The night light and music is great. But the motor in it that makes it appear to be ""breathing"" which is the soothe factor for babies, honestly its pretty noisy....for $40. Kind of has a annoying hum to it. I think if you're going to pay 40$ for something like this it should be dead silent. Furthermore when I turned it on, it squeaked every time the belly went up, it was annoying. I actually took it apart, opened up the electronic box and found that the up and down part of the mechanism, is operated by a motorized wheel and and a tiny rubber belt. Not kidding, I WD-40'd that rubber belt. It took 2 hours to carefully put it all back together. It has to line up perfectly for the moving parts to work perfectly. There is no more squeak, thank god. The motor still has a quiet hum to it. Honestly my kid likes to turn it on an off and could care less to cuddle it. More so its a 40$ otter that entertains her and holds her pacifiers for her at night. Nice idea, but kinda overpriced."
3,"My daughter doesn't even marry him. I thought I'd help her sleep, but she doesn't like it."
3,"We bought it for our 4-month-old baby, who has a hard time falling asleep, and we only get him to do it on the chest in bed, and the truth is that he has not listened to it, nor does it happen to sleep, nor to play, it strikes him zero. The toy itself meets all the features it announces, it is adorable, warm and soft, but in our case, it does not fulfill its purpose of relaxing and sleeping the baby."
3,"It is a very practical toy, my baby is almost three months old and it is ideal for you not to feel alone in the crib when we lay her down.The stick that it has is that it lasts half an hour and that to change from melody to sounds you have to open a Velcro that is in the back and that makes a lot of noise and the baby wakes up."
3,"The melodies are very soothing and not as intrusive as with other products. Also the light and the snoring function of the otter are quite pleasant.However, there are also some negative points: As a cuddly animal, for example, the otter is not suitable at all and it is a mystery to me how in some reviews the talk of ""cuddly"" can be.The fabric is soft, however, the inner life of the stuffed animal is so huge and hard that it really can't be cuddly.The huge Velcro fastener on the back of the otter is also very disturbing and can be opened very quickly.In addition, the motor of the breathing function is so loud and annoying that it is not used in us at all. Therefore only 3 stars for this sloping aid."
3,"Since we have been looking for a great music box for a long time and overwhelmed the positive reviews, I also ordered the Otter. When this came on, we had to find out that the supplied batteries were empty. If you don't have any in the house then you can't even test it... That was the first minus point. The second and then I have to connect to the negative reviews that the engine is simply too loud when lifting the belly and lowering it. It's also a disturbing noise. Also the ""white noise"", which is supposed to represent the bloodstream in the womb, sounds rather like a radio station that has no reception. For me personally it doesn't seem calming and my child does not have a calmer effect, rather the opposite was the result. The other sounds, such as heart tones and CTG, are not bad, but for us not useful, as we had to find out. The third minus point goes to the sound/leiser controller. Of course, if it's about minutes, but I think that it's even quieter. My opinion is not too cute, but it's also nice to say it's quiet in the big room."
3,"As has been mentioned before, the frame in which the engine is in is not reasonably padded, so that you can feel the hard edges. I find it impractical that you can only make adjustments when you open the back part. It might be more practical if you press at the foot or at the ear to handle certain sounds. I find, like some others, that the engine works far too loudly, so that it overtones the sounds and completely irritates them. In the technical development of today it is certainly possible to develop a better engine performance. I expected more from Fisher-Price for the price."
3,I LOVED this at first. Then after a few weeks it became very sensitive. I have changed the batteries multiple times so it's not an issue with having dead or dying batteries. Any time tummy part is touched it shuts off. Very frustrating. I love the light up feature. Wish it stayed on. Waste of money. Maybe I have a defective one ?
3,"Basically a good product only unfortunately not thought to end. The otter lies with in the bed and seduces to cuddle only unfortunately the otter together with the inside lying operating unit is very hard and heavy and when breathing it crawls. Furthermore, this super nice shell on the belly so interesting to press around that is played rather instead of sleeping. In addition, everyone who has a relative skillful child notices that it also has the Velcro closure open within a very short time and presses around on the control unit."
3,"I wanted to love this but it’s too much maintenance to utilize. Definitely something parents can wait to buy when the baby is 8 months or older. I wish I didn’t have to open the back of the sloth every time I want to utilize everything the sloth does. I would also like it to be more stuffed/squishy to hold, it fall short on the cuddling factor. The box inside in huge and obviously hard. The sound and vibration has good payoff but user friendly it’s not unless you’re content just pushing the tummy to do 1 thing versus going to the back and opening it up over and over to utilize everything it can do. Btw the back opening is made of velcro. I think it’s over priced for the payoff factor of enjoyment that  is lacking with this toy to sooth a baby or toddler."
3,"The mechanism is a little noisy when “breathing” and if the tummy touches baby when the otter takes a breath, the gentle pressure it creates turns the otter off. But I love the sounds and the light, their is a volume control which is great. Overall I like it, just wish it wasnt as sensitive."
3,"Our daughter didn't care about it, and it certainly doesn't mellow her out. But she's 10 months, and very high energy. My wife thinks it's adorable."
3,"I’m so torn with this “toy”. I want to love it but I’m not sure if I do, hence giving it a mid-range rating.
It’s super cute, but not overly cuddly for a bedtime toy due to the power pack inside. The breathing function is really cute but the mechanism that pushes the tummy in and out is noisy and my daughter (16 months old) learnt very quickly that she could force it downwards so I’ve had to turn it off.
The buttons being on the inside means that it’s difficult to adjust any of the settings while you’re laying there with a baby possibly (probably) laying on one arm while you try to get them to sleep. It has a super stiff/scratchy Fisher Price label sticking out of the side, which could’ve been made from silky material as this is a comfort toy.
And the last negative - it’s really overpriced for what it is. It should be £25 at most!
Positives - as said, it’s really cute. You can wash it. The lullabies, breathing and heartbeat noises are all soothing and lovely and my daughter does really like it - which was the aim of buying it, so I guess it’s doing its job :)"
3,"I find it really amazing how real this otter can breathe. My son (15 months) unfortunately also because he is afraid of him. He needs quite a long time to fall asleep and then I wanted to test if the otter helps him. In fact, he has fallen asleep two times when the part was lying on his belly while he was cuddled in my arm. However, he has got caught up in it and surrounded him directly awake and cried. If it is in his bed, he turns away from it. During the day he does not touch the thing and makes a big bow around it. So it is not suitable for him. What I like is that you can wash the animal. I don't like that it is not suitable for cuddling because of the large, hard plastic part because it is too hard. I still like the idea well, but it is not useful if the child does not accept it."
3,"Visually totally cute! The fur is also super soft, BUT unfortunately the cuddly toy is not well lined, so you can feel the edges of the engine very clearly. For cuddle the toy is not suitable. Besides, the engine is extremely loud, if you activate the breathing movements.Did it buy as a gift for a friend and unfortunately have a Bachache when giving away. I sewn extre an additional padding, which I wrap around the engine so that the edges are not so hard... I don't know why you design such a sweet and really great toy and then save on the padding and the volume shortly before closing..."
3,"My first impression was that it didn't really look like the picture and that something looked wrong with it.  When it started breathing, that was all I needed.  It's just too creepy for me.  The kids don't seem to care, but it's not something I would pick up and say ""cute""."
3,Very nice as from previous descriptions. piles already inserted. but since in the package is indicated 30' of music and qs after only 2 breaths turns off.... there is something wrong!
3,"The product itself is top, the sounds too, the plush is soft, my 6-month-old flea loves it... she falls asleep with it.After a few days of use, the sound stops after a few seconds and the heartbeat stops... for the price I'm disappointed! She wasn't well studied. Tribute... obliged to contact the brand's VAS... it's my chip that is disappointed..."
3,"Sweet guy, but he doesn't help to fall asleep, the noise level of the engine is unfortunately Made in China...Our son has been having sleep problems for weeks, because you are close to despair, you just try everything that the marketing of the baby industry gives, of course without success, noises and songs are quite nice, but is the technology in there very big and heavy, our 6 month old child, I don't want to put that in parlor cars..."
4,I’ve been eyeing this soother since I got the notification that Fischer price was making it. My little one loves it so much! Only downside is that the settings are easily changed through the fabric in the back. Still adorable though!
4,"I have to say that the otter looks incredibly sweet and I have fallen in love with it. Of course it was tried out immediately. There is a velcro closure behind it, when you open it you have the device in front of you where you can change batteries and also the different modes can choose There are two volume buttons ( loud and quiet ) adjustable in three volumes below there is the button to play music. Then there is the button to set noises that come by chance ( mother's womb sounds ) these remind me the heart tones of the child what you hear during ultrasound, then there is still the heartbeat and the breathing noise. The sounds come by chance you can't pick them out. Then there is the button that the otter breathes and a button for light. I have to say that the music is really soothing and even for us as adult is beautiful. The breath actually looks very realistic, but you can hear the engine very clearly, what can be perceived as disturbing. The otter is really nice to have the music played and the otter has not been able to breathe."
4,"A really great, kleijer Otter, nice as a sleep aid for the baby. Very soft and fluffy, nice to cuddle and an ideal gift for birth. Because if a baby accepts this otter as a sleep aid and uses it, then only the attempt helps. You can not estimate that before. The small otter makes music or sounds, e.g. heartbeat or snoring. The batteries are already inserted and therefore of course included in the scope of delivery. I like the breathing, the belly moves visibly with the breathing, super-sweet. You can expand the battery part well and wash the otter thus well. There is a long, hidden Velcro connector at the back. At the battery compartment you can also make various settings. ZB sleep and snarch sounds, various, light piano music, volume, light and up to 30 minutes running time. A great idea, we like very well. Unfortunately, I have already discovered on this fluffy fur on the 1st view 2 draw threads. For this I pull off 1 star. That should happen with baby toys from the company is also good for older cases."
4,"They're really at peace with the otters. He makes my son (5 months) sleep quickly. It's a pity that you have to use a lot of strength to push the heart down on your stomach (then cracks very loudly) so that he runs for 30 minutes. Were to send it back, but unfortunately there's only the money back instead of a new otter. I know that if something is broken, then you can exchange it. Soon something like that will only be bought in the store."
4,"Very sweet, but you can really hear the noise from the engine, so a star trigger."
4,"My kids love this and it's a great idea, but the motor is noisy. Which is annoying considering how it's kind of expensive! I wish they would just go all the way with this lovely thing and take the time to put in a quieter device for the stomach movement.My kids still use it every night and I love the soft lullabies. Not at all creepy or loud or obnoxious sounding. very nice, soft music."
4,He’s much bigger than I originally thought he would be! My daughter seems to like it ok but I’m not sure he was worth the amount of money. I’ve already had to replace the batteries and she’s only two months old - I don’t even use it every night! The snoring is a little creepy with the stomach movement but my daughter likes the heartbeat sound with the lighted belly most. I think if the price point was a little lower it would definitely be worth it.
4,The otter is cute and its breath is calming. Baby likes and we also when baby falls asleep
4,"Very pretty, her belly swells under soft music so that it reminds the baby of mom's breathing.Despite that our daughter does not hang at all..Maybe she is an exception? difficult to judge but it remains a beautiful product."
4,My 2-month-old daughter adopted it right away! The only drawback is that the batteries will quickly deload it will falsify to invest in rechargeable batteries! Otherwise the case will disassemble easily to allow to mete the otter to wash!
4,I wanted to test the white noises to help my daughter sleep during her naps (4 months)... unfortunately she is absolutely not receptive. The music on the other hand calms and she takes it in her arms to sleep...
4,"Beautiful, soft and very relaxing. It comes with behind (back) the keys you can select (-/+ for the volume, the notes for the type of music to select, the type of noise you want to put (heart beat, white noise etc, the belly moving or not, the light on or off).. all these keys are great and customizable depending on what the baby wants. My (10 months) is used to sleeping with the music box all night long and otter has a duration of 30 Min, but alas I wouldn't know if she might like it since she doesn't sleep absolutely with puppets.. but I can say that to this she has become fond of in a hurry (which is very strange).. we will see in the next nights if I can introduce her into the dwarfs!! Anyway recommended purchase, the only flaw is that 5.99 euro shipping is too much!!! At the end it costs less in the store!!"
4,"Very cute otter and really VERY soft 的 You have to remove a Scratch to change the programs (breathing noise, light, music, fan, belly movement) and change the volumes associated with all these programs. Too bad that there is a mechanical noise when the otter moves the belly, it doesn't at all make natural breath of the blow.. The program goes off itself, so convenient to help a baby fall asleep. Nice ideas but didn't work for my 11-month-old son, though I recommend it anyway "
4,"I initially bought this for my 4month old son. I found it to be too big and heavy for him. I didn't' find the breathing mechanism helped at all for sleep. I ended up giving it to my 2.5-year-old who LOVED it.

What I like about it:
-Lighting - the otter emits a very soft, non-blue-light glow which I think is great and does not disrupt sleep.
-Battery life - I purchased this 3 months ago and I've had to replace the batteries once, and it is used nightly.
-very soft and cute washes well and still looks new.
-The older child loves it.

Drawbacks:
-I agree with previous reviewers that the breathing mechanism is quite loud. I can hear it from across the hallway when my daughter engages the button in the night. She doesn't seem to mind.
-While it's cute, I find it too large for younger babies, and even potentially dangerous for them in a crib. It's about the size of a cabbage patch doll.
-The settings are on the inside of the otter - so if you need to or want to change volume settings, you have to do so before the baby is in bed, or you might wake up the baby with the strong velcro closure.
- I also had a hard time getting the right settings working - it seems to be in demo mode at times...
-Small children can open the velcro on the back and pull out the light and breathing mechanism box. My daughter does this in the night sometimes and uses the inside mechanism as a flashlight. It's safe, but still annoying to have her remove it constantly, then ask me to put it back inside.

Overall, I think this is better suited to older babies or toddlers. My toddler's sleep has improved generally since this otter was introduced - she likes to take care of the otter and is comforted by the gentle glow and sweet songs."
4,"Purchase made for my daughter for 6 months and 3 weeks. I wanted to try to gradually make her autonomous. It's only been a few days that she has but she manages to be calmer at night and more patient, to see in the future if he does his job well! The only bemole I find her: we feel too much the box."
4,"Very good product! My daughter and I are conquered! Sweet, super adorable puppy, the sounds and music are great. Breathing on the belly makes all the difference, it's very appreciative. Only flat, having to open the scratch to change the music... But I recommend!"
4,Very nice plush.Advantages: tuning of sound levels and soundsInconvenient: motor noise that inflates the belly
4,"I really like this and I'm glad I bought it for my daughter, who is 7 months, the only reason I haven't 5 starred it is because to change the settings you have to open the velcro and it sooo noisy that it disturbs her, seems counterproductive. If it had poppers maybe? If you preselect something you can just press its tummy to turn it on, so it's not the end of the world, still a lovely bedtime routine aid with plenty of different sounds and the breathing in and out tummy movements are a nice touch."
4,"I'm crazy about this article. That allows my daughter to fall asleep alone in a restless way and that overnight.Only a little hick: when my daughter serves the otter against her, it turns her off. You have to press the button to start again..."
4,"I immediately fell in love with the little one when I saw him. Although I spent some time with the little one, because I don't let any children sleep here myself, I finally got him. I always have friends with her baby to visit and thought, so I could give the dwarf a more pleasant time here, if we sit longer. The little animal is really very cute, however, with me the picture is much better set in scene, than the original. The good one looks something, as if he had run against a wall. But beside the flat, somewhat wide head, it is still quite inseparable, however. If the content is not there. The electronics can be removed very easily by a Velcro lock in the back and operated. The surrounding body, which therefore represents the otter, is soft and fluffy, but to me almost thin. You feel the content nevertheless very strongly and I have some concerns, if the child would roll on it (to be lucky babies that will be quite rare). Here I would have just wished for some more light, the edges are not clearly the same as well as well as the rest of the rest."
4,"The otter, which got the name Otto from our son, is beautiful. It is very fluffy, the music is very nice and practical, that you can adjust everything individually and adjust the music volume. The only stupid is the volume of the engine while breathing. That's louder than the music, which is why we always turn it off. But even without this function, the cuddly toy is recommended."
4,"My infant son won't sleep without me near. I wanted something that might help him fall asleep without me. This cute and soft otter is just what I was looking for. I love that this has the rising and falling chest feature. It's the perfect thing to make him feel like he's falling asleep with me. This also features soft, pleasant music or white noise or snoring. It's really nice that you can choose which option you prefer as well as have control over how loud or soft the sounds are. My only complaint is that all of the 'noise' options seem to last longer than just the simple rise and fall and I'd rather my son not get used to having sounds in order to fall asleep. That one complaint aside, I also love that this is machine washable when you pull the remote out of the back. And amazingly, I find my older kids enjoying sitting and holding this otter too."
4,"The Fisher Price Soothe n Snuggle Otter is absolutely adorable! This little guy is a welcome addition in our home.
The material is plush and incredibly soft. Press the belly and it plays classic lullabies like twinkle, twinkle little star plus other soothing music that is sure to calm and relax your little one. His belly glows through a seashell shaped piece while the abdomen area rises and falls gently as if he's really breathing.
All the different features are easily accessible through velcro pieces on his back. The buttons are all conveniently labeled with little pictures so you won't have any problems adjusting the volume up and down or turning off the glowing light feature. I really like how you're able to customize the features to whatever your baby prefers. For example, you can have the music playing but disable the light and breathing features OR have the lights on with the music but shut off the moving belly.
One of the first things I noticed was how heavy this toy is. Not heavy for an adult but my 18 month old can just barely hold it up. The weight is the result of the gigantic battery which fills up most of the inside. While the outside material is cozy and soft, the huge rectangular shaped battery makes it awkward to cuddle. I can't imagine any child snuggling up with this comfortably since it would be like lying with a plush covered brick.
My daughter (who is 18 months old) was not initially impressed with the otter. She hardly even glanced at it. I ended up putting it beside her diaper changing area and the soothing lights and sounds are now a wonderful distraction when I need her to be still. This also would have been a great toy to have when she was an inconsolable infant. I think babies under one are far more likely to enjoy this toy, compared to older toddlers who may get bored easily.
High quality, just like most Fisher Price toys but I'm giving 4 stars because I wouldn't describe this as snuggly."
4,"Hi friends  amazon. When you click the otter print of the belly you light a warm yellow light and your belly goes up and down, It sounds a piano-like muse with some variations that are changed from the electronic unit that is inside the otter. I had to open it from behind to get to the unit and there you find all its control buttons, Volume Control, Music, Light and Heart Beats. It works with 4 batteries of the type AA/LR6. It is somewhat messy to be opening the otter whenever you want to change music or the rest of its parameters, I would have preferred a remote control or that its buttons were on the outside. That of opening the otter whenever I want to change something bores me a little. The otter is great, but its electronic unit ends boring you with time."
4,"It is a lovely companion of dreams. We have loved many aspects of it: • The design is very tender. The otter is a beautiful. The presentation is also very pretty, since the box simulates a cunita. • It is completely unisex. • It is very colorful for gift, since the teddy comes to the eye and can even be tested, since it has demonstration stacks on it. In our case the whole set comes protected with a transparent plastic bag so that it does not get dirty before it is released. • The fabric is very soft and pleasant. • We love that you can very easily separate the teddyney from the mechanism to be able to wash it in the washing machine. All the interactive stuffed animals should be like this! • Pressing the tripita, it lights up and puffs up as if you breathe, calmly and paused. The effect is very accomplished. • We can select very soft music (nanas), sounds of nature and white noise (beats, whispers...). It automatically turns off after 30 minutes. • We can choose the intensity of our light and volume of the music and sounds. • We do not even make us look very good."
4,"It is not a bear, it is an otter, which I think is one of the most tender wild animals. The box of the stuffed animal imitates a small crib, the presentation could not be better. From the beginning it invites to “achucharlo”. The breathing effect is very realistic, and it can be configured at different speeds. The center of the tripita is illuminated with a yellow light, and the rag tail comes with some prints of goldfish. You have it available in,"
4,"The figure is 27 cms. tall, and the coating is very soft. It includes options of 30 minutes of music and sound effects and lights to facilitate the baby's sleep. The sound volume is adjustable. It works with 4 batteries of type AA 1.5 volts that are included. Manufacturing is Chinese, with good finishes and good quality. Given its sound options, you have to try which one is most pleasing to the baby. I think it is a good choice."
4,"For my Fisher Price is a brand of absolute confidence. Its products are safe for children, my children have never managed to disarm any; they also last for many years with their functions and appearance intact.And also they are fun and entertaining for children.For those reasons I chose this toy as a gift for my granddaughter.It is also a cute teddy, better than what comes out in the photo.I don't put 5 stars because it hasn't given me time to check its durability.I hope the brand hasn't lowered its quality, like many other brands and we continue to enjoy its quality."
4,"Update: After half a year, the engine in the belly has slowed down. The weak buzzing from the beginning is now as loud as a mix of toy drone and model plane and drowns out the quietest volume level. Very unpleasant. Fortunately, I quickly found a replacement (at the time it was sold out almost everywhere...) and because brains are a funny thing, my now needs both otters to fall asleep. One to Anguck (or scare someone with knatterknatterbrumbum) and one to be cute and fall asleep. And jaaaa, strictly speaking, I'm out of age. But only quite, strictly speaking... the functions of the otter are quickly explained. He plays music, lights up and lifts and lowers his belly, which is supposed to hug so half realisticly your and my breathing. Overall, he plays eight tunes (I believe?). Many of them I don't know and were probably produced by FP itself, the others are my bonny lies over the ocean, Mary a little lamb, beautiful can relax and twin know how to beat the other songs. If you don't do not want to play."
4,"This is charming.  We all love this toy.  The otter is so cute, and the breathing is adorable.  There’s a little mechanical sound I don’t like.  There are four sounds the otter makes, including something that is supposed to sound like when baby was still in the uterus, but no ocean, which is our favorite on the Sleep Sheep.One major concern, however, is the otter’s arms,  my 3yo demonstrates how they can act as handcuffs for a young child and - even though I can’t say for certain that this would be problematic - it strikes me as potentially dangerous.  So buyer beware..."
4,"Tell you that this teddy is designed for babies up to about 2 or 3 months, I tell you this because the device that controls the sound control unit is in the back and only prevents access to that place a velkro, so it is not ideal for babies who already use their hands effectively. But on the contrary for babies that mobility is scarce is a very good teddy, since the sounds that they produce can calm the baby, highlighting the sound of the mother’s heart, is really achieved. The teddy is soft, detachable, and at the same time can be washed without any problem. Mattel’s teddyney is ideal to place it in the crib and calm the little one, so that his rest is excellent. Of course say that the teddy bear is a nurse that is asleep. My experience with this product has been positive."
4,Very nice but has hard parts for a baby
4,"Plush tender, my 16-month-old loves it, sleeps hugged and cuddles him even when he wakes up. I put four stars because unfortunately, at least in my case, the mechanism that makes the belly of the puppet raise and lower emits an annoying hum. However, it remains effective in the function of the white noises and of the breath, that reconcile the sleep to my baby accompanying her towards a deep sleep and now is for her an indispensable companion! It does not do miracles, if sleeplessness or agitation are due to other ailments (e.g. identification) you have to intervene to solve those, but even in these cases the plush helps the child at least to relax and comfort, along with the cuddles of mom and dad, obviously!"
4,"It turns on by pressing the belly, but to turn it off you have to open the Velcro from behind and press two buttons at the same time, which is somewhat uncomfortable.Although if you press the gut it also ends up turning off, but in the instructions indicate that the way to turn it off is in the back buttons, so I don't know if it will spoil it in the gut.The movement of the breath makes quite noise.However, the doll is very sweet and with the light low or off it is very relaxing.The sounds are very good and you can regulate the volume."
4,"A good purchase, joli design and we want to sleep with even as an adult! the plush looks soothing, but I don't guarantee it works every time..."
4,For 1 birth too cute!!
4,"Sweet soothing baby, excellent imitation of breathing, heartbeat!!!!!"
5,"Exactly like the description, super sweet my 3-week-old son goes to sleep better with not far from him."
5,"A fabulous sleeping companion for little ones, the toy of the year at the lowest price of the net!!"
5,"beautiful plush, Christmas gift, very soft, ideal for a child or a baby,"
5,"Superb quality, parcel received very quickly and very well packed and moreover it is really crisp, baby will love."
5,"For my grandson he adopted this little beaver, he falls asleep in less than 10 minutes."
5,"Very pleasant texture, the sounds are pleasant and the volume adjustable, the light is soft.The sound of the breath is childish but adapted to the little ones. The movements associated with the breath are slow and relaxing.The mechanism is of quality and can be removed to leave only the plush that will make a perfect doudo!I am really delighted with this article!"
5,My son had it for Christmas he was about 4 months old that plush helps to sleep still today very cute
5,"Very good product, exactly as in the description"
5,"It's a perfect, soft, musical watchman who really appeases my baby, I recommend!!!"
5,My 1-month-old baby spends his days in scarf. As soon as I put him down he's crying. And he only wants Mom. Dad doesn't have any success. I've received his wrestler this morning. He sleeps next to her and he smiles in his sleep. It's a victory. I recommend!! And if it doesn't work for you it's still a pretty cute stuffy who breathes. To see in time.
5,"Purchased for one year of my baby very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the product which is pretty, soft, original level design because there is very few plush otter and especially very complete product unlike bcp other plushs of this kind where the music can often be too strident with bad sounds. Very soothing even near the parents!!"
5,"A soft plush that you want to tighten right away! It represents a beige otter, with ears and feet of a light green and the package reproduces a baby cot very cute. You turn on pressing the tummy, it works with batteries (4 batteries AA 1.5V already included in the package). In it we find the box battery holder, where you can choose one of the four functions of the game: music or relaxing sounds, you can distinguish the sounds of the maternal womb and also sounds of nature that help calm babies. You can feel the breath during sleep and combine the function that simulates a natural breath with the movement of the belly that goes up and down. You can also choose to associate a soft light (which would be the area of the button on the belly). In short, you can customize it as you want. And very nice thing that pushes me to give full of the votes, once removed the box of batteries, you can safely wash in a 30 °. Excellent solution!"
5,"I took this delicious otter for my grandson, to accompany him in his nap. It is a really intelligent game-help that I wanted to have available when my children were young, because it combines the usual combination of sounds and soft lights, also the movement of the tummy that swells and deflates, giving the impression of breathing together with the child. How many parents have noticed the calming effect of holding the children against their chest to calm them with the perception of their breath? Well, the otter does just that. The baby leans on this soft puppet, wanting to put a hand on us, perceives softness, warmth of the hair, movement of the breath and in addition the music chosen (from true melodies to more neutral sounds). Just regular first volume and sounds on the back, then the otter keeps company for thirty minutes. Very useful object and splendid gift idea."
5,"This otter has a very good look and super tender; it is made of polyester and is really soft. It is beige with the inner part of the ears and the plants of the feet in blue fabric. Even the inside of the codina is made of fabric with a lovely drawing of small fishes. The eyes are closed and the arms are sewn to the chest, but they are absolutely not attached to the body, so you can fit a small hand. The dimensions are 25 x 15,5 x 11 cm. and weighs almost half a kilo, because inside, closed by a velcro, it hosts a battery, gigantic, which allows you to adjust the volume and choose which sound you want to listen to your baby through keys with very clear designs. In fact, you can choose between soft music or some relaxing sounds (white noises, sounds of the womb, breath during sleep or heartbeat)."
5,"It works! And it's the most important thing! It helps a lot both to relax, that to accompany the children towards the bed, but it works well also as anti-stress, for those moments when the puppets tend to be more ""soundy"" or they feel neglected. Excellent pet this otter! (even if many will exchange it for a bear...), it turns out to be much more useful than expected. If you don't find it disturbing! Actually the breath, with movement, colors and sounds, is very realistic. In fact you can set noises, relaxing sounds (also human like the heartbeat) and music. You can match us a soft light on the belly, and see it move following the breath. Everything is customizable and can be activated by the battery pack, which has a rather tenacious button, to prevent it from starting inadvertently. The integrated timer is about 30 minutes! Shuttering the battery pack, you can also wash in the washing machine! Also, I would have a little flaw for the rest, I would have been finely padded to the rest of the rest of the material!"
5,He's become one of the favorites of the human puppy he's been given to.
5,Well finished product and pleasant to the touch. The movement that simulates breathing calms the child.
5,"Fantastic, various music and white noises including a nice sound of snoring and heartbeat, has a light on the sandwich that lights up, and the sandwich simulates the movement of the breath, recommended"
5,"Wonderful in all this otter! Soft, even considering that it has a great deal inside, beautiful music, soft noises, nice face and cuddle... Perfect!"
5,A little expensive but my baby likes it to death. It has several sounds and the light on the tummy helps to make her fall asleep.Along with the rhythmic movement of the abdomen and the sound of the heart beating makes my baby fall asleep in no time... recommended!
5,"Perfect!! Relaxed very much my son of 4 months, it was a salvation especially to promote sleep and relieve a little the small problems of the teeth and colics. Before he slept only in his arms or anyway he had to feel my contact now I can relax because he relaxes also with this nice otter"
5,"Beautiful product, the only problem and that the puppet has little padding so you feel a lot the plastic of the internal machine. Despite that, my 2.5 year old adores it, and sleeps hugged every night."
5,"I love it, simply. I bought it after seeing it in a shop, I fell in love with it right away. Very soft and relaxing. The sounds are lovely and the heart movement is simply divine!!"
5,"I love, very soft, very good quality and beautiful music and sounds."
5,"My baby really likes it, relaxes it. The only thing I don’t like is that it has to be opened to change the way. But I’d still buy it again. Very good toy for a baby."
5,"It's beautiful, super cute."
5,Good quality. It works perfectly.awaiting to try it with the baby.super soft
5,It’s great! We love it! It’s great that I have so many different sounds! My daughter sleeps right away with the nannyes and touching her belly! It’s been a good idea to buy it!
5,My daughter loves the noise of the heart beating and stays fried
5,"It is beautiful, soft and original, with the tummy that lights up and goes up and down as if breathing. It has 2 sounds (the typical music and the one that mimics the heartbeat and the breath) and has a very nice packaging to give away, besides it washes very well..."
5,The best gift we could give our baby. Until three months he suffered from colic and has been his cot to date. He sleeps caressing him. At night we put the melody together with The Light of the tripita that goes up and down and sometimes the function of the heartbeat I think it will be his teddy for years.Like everything is improveable; the manufacturer would suggest that the engine (inside the teddy) of all functions be reduced and so the teddy was soft and manageable. I fear that as soon as the baby grows and can manipulate it we will have to remove it because it is very heavy and in that case we will fill it with foam but our BEBE is FELIZ with its otter so highly recommended as a gift
5,"My daughter is delighted and at last it seems that we get her to sleep alone with her otter friend! She is two years old.The teddy is very soft, the musics are nice and in a short tone, perfect to help relax (to me relax, hahahaha).She has a light also soft, that is enough to not stay in the dark, but she doesn't see much to get out of bed.The tummy makes a move to go up and down that definitely hypnotizes and that also helps her relax!It has been a successful purchase!At first it seemed a little expensive, but we like it very much and, the main thing, is helping the little girl fall asleep alone! :)"
5,"Spectacular! Our baby of almost 8 months, who has always had a hard time falling asleep, loves and relaxes so much!!! The sound of breathing is the one we like the most, along with the light and movement of tummy. It has become an essential for the time to go to sleep!"
5,"Above all I liked how smooth it is and the fact that it can be separated from the washing device (unbelievable error but today there are still toys for babies that cannot be washed...) so a great point in their favor, and more in the situation we are living... (you fall in the street and if you can not wash maybe you think until you throw it away... :-SThe device is like a controller (you can see it in the photos), you have options for almost everything! A pity is true, I have read in other comments that asked to record the voice and no, it does not include that option, although for my part I do not consider it essential.In general I am very happy with the otter, the only defect I see it is that the babies take everything to the face and the Velcro that closes the back is very rough and rigid, I think that another type of Velcro or a zipper would have been better option. Still I recommend it, I am sure that even if it stops working, it will remain one of their favorite stuffed animals :)"
5,This perfect works great and my baby loves it.
5,"A teddy very pleasant to the touch and to the ear since its melodies are not like those of the whole life, strident, but they are pleasant to listen to. The effect ""breathing"" is very good because while vibrating, the teddy goes ""inchanting"" the belly, creating a sensation that the little one finds pleasant and relaxing. The volume is adjustable as well as whether or not to turn on the little lights and/or to turn on or not the effect ""breathing"". A very soft ""companion"" of naps for our little ones. The price seems high, but if we compare with others of worse quality and similar price is resolved the question of whether it is expensive or not :) A product highly recommended, the little one will love."
5,"It is beautiful and very complete, the hair is very soft, it has the appropriate size and shape to put it on one side of the cradle next to the newborn. It has different types of music and relaxing sounds that we can choose together with the lights and the movement of the belly, the going up and down of this next to the noise that mimics the breath are very accomplished. All this can be selected by means of buttons hidden in the back by means of Velcro. It works by means of 4 AA batteries. On the other hand, the mechanism is easily removed so that we can wash the part of the cloth.In addition, if we want to give it away, the presentation is careful because the otter is lying in a box that simulates a crib and remains very cute."
5,"Fisher-Price. Toy never tested before and unknown to us at home, the model is an otter, I have checked it before giving it to my son and it does not present cutting parts, nor pieces that can be released and our children swallow them very important thing. It is of a very soft touch, it is washable both by hand and machine, the size is the right, it is unisex is valid for boy or girl, we can take the electronic part of the part that is not without problems, the batteries carry their safety screws that will make our children unable to pull them out. It emits sounds, it makes as if you are sleeping, the belly moves, we can illuminate it the belly or not and above all helps our baby relax and make you sleep."
5,"Today almost for any medium quality teddy, we pay what is worth this teddy that even more, the touch of the skin is very soft, it is seen that they have taken into account that it is for babies, because you do not expect me neither the seams that simulate the eyes neither the mouth nor the nose, you have certain parts in cloth how they can be the soles of the feet to the bottom of the tail, but the seams are well done that is not appreciated, the sound is a tone that does not turn out strident, there is a feeling of relaxation, besides the dim light that comes out of the navel, does the times of light for fear of the darkness, we have tried it with a baby that is barely 2 months old, when you put your brother and one of teddyney next, has been curious, when we have activated it we have not noticed any kind of fear, and soon they were both lying next to each other, the truth is that seeing the result is worth the price that is worth it."
5,"A very tender teddy, that any baby will love and will be his companion in the evenings. It transmits a lot of tenderness and will be perfect to camp him the first months of life. The doll has light and music, besides movement that mimics the breath, it is very pleasant touch also you can wash it by removing the electric mechanism. It has a timer of 30 minutes and you can control the volume, something that is very appreciated in these toys, since not all can control the volume and in some cases it is very high. The movement of the breath sure that hypnotic, I think it is a perfect gift. Greetings."
5,"The otter is super pretty, with its tender and sympathetic face it feels like hugging at first sight, it is soft and mullidite, perfect candidate for first teddy friend for any baby.It may seem expensive at first moment but its price is justified, laa otter is not only a simple teddy with music to entertain like many others, if it has several different songs, which can be played for up to 30 minutes, also being able to regulate the volume.But the main difference of this teddy with others is that it can also emit breathing sounds at the same time that its cuddly goes up and down at the same pace, with a soft yellow light that gradually weakens and finally goes out.For a baby, the otter serves as a calmer and vehicle to fall asleep.It works with four batteries, which are already included.The ted bear can be easily washed previously by removing the mechanism of its interior."
5,"CONTENT: -1 teddy with the shape of baby otter with light, sound and movement. The mechanism of it can be removed completely. -4 batteries included AA. PROS: -Four sound options: What the baby hears in the uterus, heart beat, snoring and white noise (type hair dryer, fan or vacuum cleaner). -Children's melodays type nanas up to 30 minutes. -Regulator of volume and intensity of light. -Smooth soothing light in the belly of the otter that also goes up and down as if breathing. -The mechanism in full can be removed from the teddyney, in this way can be washed without problem. -Smooth fabrics of quality with a very careful finish. -Style included, at least to try the product. -Ideal to become the baby's dreammate from birth until it is born until it is stopped from needing, either two years or seven, in that strange stage of night fears and need to be in contact with mom/pa until it falls asleep. -Contras: -It is a little big for a newborn, but this is a simple inconvenience."
5,"It is easy to use, as we have seen that the batteries can be changed quickly and easily. without any danger for the baby, quality Fisher-Price, does not failOur nephew is now 6 weeks old and we have always had trouble to make him sleep. He arrived teddy in the morning and we tried it at noon and we are delighted! After 10 minutes where he was fighting against himself because he did not want to sleep, he had lost the fight, heh.. and in the evening he blabs briefly but sleeps in 10 minutes. High recommended, as a gift to newborns and for your own baby. fantastic and monisimo, soft to no more."
5,Very soft and recommended for babies relaxes the heartbeat a lot
5,"... I'm thrilled!!! Due to our upcoming second offspring we have long thought and researched what we could buy to make our baby sleep. The little animal arrived quickly, as usual from Amazon. Unpacked and tested... The various functions are absolutely sufficient to bring a small child AND an adult to sleep. The function that the belly moves and light breath sounds are generated is absolutely ingenious. My wife and my daughter love the little animal and I must confess that it fully fulfils its purpose. We will have to get a second one because I fear that my wife will not give the first one any more :) There is a very clear purchase recommendation - 5 thick stars!"
5,"I got the otter at the beginning of January for my daughter, who was 1 month old at that time, now she is 10 months old. She was a writer and only let herself be calmed by white noise. At the beginning I was not so excited about the otter because he was too quiet for my daughter, he did not come to scream against her - we had to use a cell phone app. Since she is about 4 months old, however, the otter is in permanent use. We always use the functions noise and light. Every time she wakes up at night, I turn on him, the very small light source helps me to quiet (sleep in the family bed and silently lying down). And it helps her to fall asleep again. She wakes up very often in the night, sometimes every 30-60 minutes, so the otter is in some nights in the ""dauerbeinsatz"" of the only manko: The otter runs exactly 30 minutes, but then goes out. And exactly at the moment she wakes up because the noise stopped and at the time in the sleep cycle she has arrived again at light sleep. Therefore she doesn't always wait until she wake up the Otter."
5,Otti is so sweet....has helped to fall asleep super. Everyone immediately got into Otti....just golden.It is definitely worth his money.I would buy again and again.
5,We have a similar cuddly friend of the much more expensive variant. I have to say that our otter is simply awesome. Clean soothing tones. Even the mama sleeps well with it. Moving the belly up and down is fascinating and soothing too alike. The weak light in the belly of the otter is wonderful. All in all a great invention of Fisher Price and highly recommended.
5,"We've already tested some musical clocks, this is in our opinion the best!!! Very many functions, the volume is super good to regulate, pleasant sounds and melodies. It is not necessary to pull up with a band but the otter is activated by pressing on the belly. We bought 2 for both children and are enthusiastic. Absolute purchase recommendation!"
5,"The otter is really very sweet and fluffy. We always use it in the evening as part of our sleeping ritual, with the aim to fall asleep at some point without breastfeeding. My son is now 7 months and likes to cuddle with him. The volume control is very good, the melodies very pleasant. We currently use mainly the sound as in the womb."
5,The delivery was fast and it is easy to use as we have seen batteries can be changed quickly and easily.Our son is now 6 weeks old we always had difficulty getting him to sleep. We got the stuffed animal in the morning and tried out at noon and are thrilled!!! After 10 min where he himself was fighting because he did not want to sleep he had lost the fight and also in the evening he blabs briefly but fell asleep within 10 min
5,"Without this cute little animal, our child can no longer fall asleep.The long playing time is advantageous because you don't have to activate the music clock all the time. Parents also sleep quickly a good sound quality. Definitely worth their money."
5,"So our son got his otter with 5.5 months and immediately grinned. He gets him during the day as a sleepmate and then draws him affectionately towards himself. Although it was still quite difficult for him he also lifted up to cuddle with him. Of course it is dangerous to let him sleep with it unattended at the age (danger of suddenly child death). But this is well known for all cuddly animals, blankets and pillows. The music is now after a month still not annoying but still really sweet. However, breathing is a tick too loud for me, but does not bother at all when falling asleep because it is regular. I just don't find it nice. The staggered switch it off I find great: first breathing, then light, then music. Also, that the volume can be regulated is great, because it is quite meh on his head. Many toys for babies are dangerously loud. Here no longer. In fact, he does not get any more at night (we had it taken away after falling asleep anyway). First, because he doesn't sleep with it again."
5,This is so sweet and my baby absolutely loves it. Really happy with this.
5,"I just might have slept with it (since my husband doesn’t allow live pets in our bed). But she loves it and I’m teaching her that she can only have it at bedtime. That way she has something she loves to help her sleep. And help her it does! When she’s tired, all it takes is about five minutes of her listening or feeling the otter breathe and she’s asleep. This comes highly recommended!"
5,"My LO LOVES this little otter. She cuddles up with it and squeezes it. She seems to be soothed by the sounds and the breathing motion. I was nervous she might have found this scary, because something things that move make her cry, but this guy didn't! My LO just turned a year, and I can foresee her using this for at least another year, if not longer!"
5,I was very surprised when we received this to see that the otter breathes just like it would in real life while it is playing music or one of the sounds that it plays.  My daughter loves sleeping with this in her pack n play and feeling it takes breaths and the music is the perfect volume so it isn't too loud or soft and it helps to soothe her to sleep.  It also has a little light in it's stomach which is great too because it is very soft and not meant to wake up your little one.  I am so very happy with this toy and so is my daughter.  Great item to have to help your little one sleep in their own safe space and still think that  someone is next to them.
5," Fisher-Price's Good Night Luv Loubout is a super cute, super soft, super awesome little stuffed toy for babies!

Place the little otter in the crib next to your little one and press play. The little otter will lure your baby to sleep as its soft belly lifts and lowers in rhythm.

The otter also plays music and lights for up to 30 minutes.

Summary:
(1) Musical otter soother with ""breathing"" motion for babies
(2) engage your baby's senses of sight, hearing, and touch
(3) mimics the rhythmic motion of your breathing to naturally soothe your baby
(4) customizable up to 30 mins of music, sounds, and soft lights
(5) super soft fabrics
(6) machine-washable (with electronics removed)"
5,"I am in complete shock at the overall greatness of this product. It is so cute, super soft and just the right size for an infant.My daughter still has minor Colic and ever since I got this toy for her she has been falling asleep, and staying asleep much quicker and longer. The breathing feature along with the heartbeat sound gives her just enough comfort to doze off without everyone constantly having to hold her.The lullabies keep her dozed off and the little comfort light lets me know how everything is going. I wish I would have had this toy months ago. This will be my new go-to shower gift!"
5,"First off-- this is seriously the most adorable little thing I've ever seen! It's also so, so soft and cuddly. I would be lying if I said that I didn't think of testing it out myself before giving it to my daughter. Outside of the apparent aesthetic appeal (who can deny the cuteness of an otter) of this little otter the features are amazing. With the breathing motion of the otter (tummy rising and falling) I thought that it may feel too mechanical, however, that was not the case. I love the fact that you can utilize lights, sound, and motion and customize based on what features best work with your kiddo. Win here: you can remove the mechanical piece to throw the otter body into the washing machine!

This would make a great gift for a baby shower or for a new parent!

UPDATE: now that my daughter has had this for awhile, I can happily say she loves her otter! It is in bed with her every single night. In the morning before she is fully awake I have caught her pressing the tummy to turn on the sound and lights and laying by her new little friend calmly. Definitely a win!!"
5,"At first I was hesitant about getting this because I thought it was weird and creepy but after seeing other reviews and hearing from people who swear by it I decided to give it a chance. I’m so glad I did! It’s surprisingly very soft and cuddly even with the big electronic contraption inside. It’s so convenient that I can just take the electronics out and throw it in the wash and it comes out just as soft as before. I love the colors and the little fish detail fabric on the tail, super cute. The belly movement is still a little off putting to me but it really did soothe our newborn. I appreciate all the different sound options and that the belly can be a little night light. We don’t use this every time baby sleeps because we don’t want our little one becoming dependent on something but every now and then when we do use it for calming baby it’s been a life saver. It makes for a great on-the-go noise machine as well for our trips to grandmas house. We call ours Otto :)"
5,Perfect for baby to hold when trying to get them to sleep. Love this!!
5,"A well thought-out Fischer Price product. Can be used from birth and certainly already soothing to put it still pregnant mom on the belly. Very pleasant, soothing music and the movements of the little otter lead even small explorers gently into the land of dreams. The light and music unit can be removed without any problems and then you can wash the otter in the washing machine."
5,"The slumber otter is a really great product. Music box and cuddly toy in one. It is in use with us daily and so far we have no problems with it. The motor to lift and lower the belly is of course heard when it runs, but it is definitely not too loud. Also the sleeping melodies are very nice. Also as a gift really recommended."
5,"When our son was only a few weeks old, the otter didn't do anything.Now our son is almost 6 months old and the otter is our rescue! He likes him totally, calms down quickly when you turn on the otter and then even falls asleep.So it should be, it is a relief for him and for us when he has a quenching phase and is too restless to sleep.The sounds and the music don't bother me personally, I can also fall asleep. All in all, the otter would buy again."
5,"I tried playing clocks and two other sleeping aids for my baby before and was never convinced that they would simply stop too fast or are too loud or bad in sound. I'm excited about the otter. The volume can be adjusted, the music plays thirty minutes and the light pulsates pleasantly. In addition, the otter is designed with attention to detail.My little one fell asleep during the first attempt.If it takes longer times, you just have to press on the stomach and the last setting is repeated.One criticism point: the light goes out after 10 minutes, which irritates him if he doesn't sleep yet."
5,"We could have used this otter much earlier. It is the best sleep aid for our daughter (7 months old) so far and not to think away. The music plays for a long time and has a pleasant tempo (not like most playing clocks) so that the mouse has enough time to fall asleep. We also like to use the breathing noise especially at night when it gets a bit restless. The otter can be restarted by a slight pressure on the belly. The engine noise (only when breathing movement) which is often mentioned here, I also feel rather calm monotonous. Unfortunately, the engine for the breathing movement after only 1 month failed because the batteries were not strong enough. We have now inserted ""ordinary"" batteries and everything works again. Thumbs high, absolute purchase recommendation! Only the price could be a little cheaper."
5,"Very sweet otter with lots of beautiful songs to fall asleep! The songs are played beautifully slowly and calmingly, not in the fast pace of other musical clocks! In addition, the other sounds such as snoring,heart noise, vessel noise (like the CTG) and the light function! In addition, very sweet as the belly rises and lowers when ""breathing"". All functions can be displayed separately as it pleases the child (or adult). Also nice that the volume can be adjusted and the otter (without inner) can be washed. Absolutely you don't have to have it, but my little one and I are happy about it every day! He doesn't fall asleep yet, but the music calms him nice and if he isn't tired he is happy about the light, the music and the breathing movement. Clear purchase recommendation for all those still looking for a smart music watch or a nice gift for a baby!"
5,"I learned about the slumber otter through placed advertisements on the Internet. Seen and immediately in love, one can say at this point. Due to the good reviews here (and of course also the infatuation!), we decided to order the slumber otter. What should I say - from the infatuation has become love. Such a wonderful and high-quality product, which can do so much and seems absolutely relaxing even on adults. This cuddly toy is really worth its price. Even if my daughter will not be born until December, I already know that she will love her otter "
5,"We bought the slumber otter for our 7 month old daughter. After the introduction of the evening breis she is no longer breast-fed. This made it more difficult for her to fall asleep and I often had to carry her around until she fell asleep. The otter visibly helps her to relax. She smiles at him and croaks him. She does not fall asleep faster but much more gently by means of it.We have convinced the product quality, the sound is clear and the volume control is great. It is very easy to operate. He then plays 30 minutes of music or sounds. The pulsating light and the breathing movements turn off automatically already after 15 minutes. The motor for the breathing movement is heard already, but it looks very sweet. For me, this is more like a gimmick at the older children. But the music/roofs and the gentle light are really very soothing."
5,"I was skeptical at first, but then he was recommended to me so often that I let myself be carried away. ;) What should I say - NEVER WITHOUT! :) Although my baby only comes in a few weeks, nevertheless I already use the otter a lot and like it. The melodies are super pleasant and soothing and I put this otter to the heart of every growing mom, who from time to time is also restless or loses herself too often in her thoughts! ;) The heartbeat and the breathing I have muted, that was a bit suspicious to me. The light, on the other hand, is extremely beautiful and gets brighter and darker again and again. I love it! :)"
5,This is the cutest little stuffed animal for a little one.
5,I use it to put my baby to sleep and it works like a charm every time. It even puts me to sleep. Best money I ever spent!
5,"I got this for my 2 mo old niece, she loves it so much that my sister and her husband have already had to replace the batteries. Mama Otter as they call it makes it easier for her to fall asleep and makes it easier for my sister to feel comfortable leaving her daughter with her grandparents."
5,My 2 month old loves this otter almost as much as I do. The lullabies and breathing motions are perfect and soothing.
5,"The otter is so cute and is very soft. However, it’s not as snuggly as you might think. I understand there needs to be hard parts to make the otter work. The top is soft though and my 5 month old loves it. Since we bought it he sleeps a lot better. I would definitely recommend it."
5,"This is a baby shower gift for my soon to be born great grand baby! So cute, cuddly and has a heart beat, breathing, and 30 minutes of lullabies. Couldn’t be more pleased."
5,Omg this thing is so cute. I bought it as a gift for someone and they loved it. My daughter wasn’t pleased when she discovered it wasn’t for her! I may need to buy another based on the cute factor alone!
5,"A bit pricey, but this was the only thing that helped put our baby to sleep for the first few weeks after he was home."
5,"You can choose all functions individually or together.The sounds of the moving belly sound like slight snoring or breathing sounds, not disturbing at all.We have the otter now for 1 month and would buy it again and again."
5,"My baby loves him and is now tighter to fall asleep.I don't want to think him away anymore.I also had problems with the electronics after about 3 weeks, but it turned out that this starts, a safe sign is to replace the batteries "
5,"I can't believe it. Since Paul, the Otter moved in, Mausilein can fall asleep and sleep alone.She was not a ""delete"" child and needed mom or dad to sleep. Either on his arm or next to both. It works completely without us and even the pacifier spits it out before.First of all, ours is so demanding that the otter is meaningless, wrongly thought.I can recommend the otter to anyone."
5,"I was skeptical at first, but the otter is now part of our sleep routine.We exhibited the breathing but the rest is just great!The somewhat clumsy body doesn't bother us, since the otter (until now) does not serve as a cuddle."
5,"Super invention, my son ( 3 months old) sleeps much faster and better and the otter is also taken to cuddle. Can I really recommend if the child has problems with falling asleep. Does so even with my daughter(4 years) which sometimes has real difficulties falling asleep. So is also something for older children. Conclusion I would buy it again every time and is also a great gift for freshly baked parents. Also suitable for fruits because there is the function where you can only turn on the heartbeat is then almost like in Mama's belly."
5,"Very nice music box. It looks like on the picture. I don't know if the batteries were there anymore. I find it very sweet, also from the volume I find it good. Even my son who was at the time 3 years old thought it was great and wanted to have one too. I can recommend this otter very much because it is exactly as described."
5,Super cute and the heartbeat function has a very soothing effect on my child. My midwife was somewhat skeptical about the function of imitation of the maternal heartbeat with regard to breathing. She was concerned that just newborns could stop breathing by the memory of the time in the womb? So far we have not been able to observe this.
5,"My son loves his otter. He started using it at a week old and is 5 weeks now. We use it every night, it soothes him right down. He loves music and it has a very calming melody.  We can easily take it wherever we go. It's very soft! Love the breathing feature and that you can remove the otter part and throw it into the wash, we've had a few close calls so that's a bonus."
5,"I bought this for my 6 yo who struggles with nightmares but after unboxing it I feel like I should buy one for each of my three kids and one for myself! It is unbelievably soothing and soft and quiet and adorable. It actually kind of feels like I’m holding a sleeping baby otter. The light is very soft, as is the music volume and pacing. So calming. Definitely good for not just babies."
5,"A little expensive but my 1 yr old daughter loves it. It helped with her separation anxiety at this stage when going to bed. I like that you can choose which features are played together. You can have it breath with light on, breath with light off, don't breath but play music with light on, etc etc. Totally customizable in that sense.."
5,"This is a very sweet gift to comfort little ones. I had never seen the Soothe and Snuggle Otter before, but I bought it off of a baby registry and it is very very cute. It plays sounds/music, it has a soft light, and it even has a breathing motion which makes his belly move up and down. It also has controls which let you decide what you want on or off. The recipient loves it.Note: For safety reasons, do not leave it in the crib with the baby unattended, and when the baby is sleeping it should be removed from the crib altogether."
5,"I purchased this late one sleepless night while I tried to get her sleep on her own in her bed. She didn't take to it until she was about 8 months old, but now it's MUST HAVE. She loves it. She'll gently touched the ""breathing"" stomach and lay there watching the glowing fade in and out. She likes the music best. What I love; all the options. There's heartbeat, swooshing sounds, music and you can control the loudness too. You could have no light on or no breathing if you wanted. It's fantastic. The only complaint I have is that if she pushes on the tummy or cuddles it too hard, it turns off. So, until she learns to push it back on...well, that's up to Mommy and Daddy. Overall though; highly recommend."
5,Our newborn loves this otter; she watches it until she falls asleep and if we don’t turn it on she will make a sound to let us know she wants it on. She has slept great with this otter; she prefers the white noise option with the light and breathing motion. I would recommend this soother to anyone! We are contemplating buying a second one just in case something were to happen to the one we have.
5,"So, I saw this and then decided to buy it.  This toy soothes your newborn, and sometimes it provides the feeling of someone sleeping next to me baby, it plays music, has a heartbeat feature and it has this little fan!  My newborn likes or does not know it exists all I know is that he sleeps good and longer with it.  Not bad for the money"
5,This little cutie is super soft and has a lot of functions. I thought it would be a hard toy since it does the fake breathing and would feel more like a robot toy but it’s actually soft and airy. The breathing sound and womb sounds are my babies favorite so far. I would definitely recommend this !
5,"Attention: Could contain traces of German translation and self-mockery.

Oh my god. This is the cutest soother of my toy collection. And it is huge!
I'm a German toy collector and allthough I'm blind I immedeately fell in love with this otter. YouTube and technology makes it possible. I just had to have it! Unfortunately it didn't last long. To tell you the truth... Not even a year later and the motor is wornout so strong that it sounds like a mixture of a chainsaw and a drone. Not really soothing. And no joke, I couldn't find it anywhere online or in stores. But here!
The otter arrived earlier as planned and now it is guarded like the apple of my eye.
And yes I know that I'm actually a grown woman... But hey, think positive. It doesn't just help babies drifting off to dreamland. Anyway, I have to leave and sit myself in the garden to enjoy this calming music again. And again. And again. And... *snore*
(Okay, all jokes aside... I hope my grammar is not too bad.)"
5,"We have ordered this slumber otter from Fisher-Price for our 2nd child. We were still looking for a music box and have definitely found it with this otter. What we noticed first, it is so fluffy and soft. That even our big ones liked it very much. It also looks really cute. It is operated with 4 AA batteries. The otter has different melodies that it can play, you can further adjust whether the baby sounds like a heartbeat, which should hear calm breathing while sleeping or hair dryer noises. The volume is also adjustable, which I like very much, because you have a predetermined volume for most of the playing clocks. You can also adjust at the operating unit whether the otter should glow in the middle and whether it should imitate breathing movements. The operating unit can be easily removed at the back by the Velcro closure and thus the otter wash small. In addition, according to the label you should wash it at low temperature and supposedly even in the dryer at low temperature, you can dry it. However, I would like to throw it into the dryer for safety. Therefore, I can't wash it very clearly."
5,"The slumbery otter comes with batteries, so you can start right away.It looks very sweet and I look very pleasantly soft despite the electronics. Generally very well processed. Volume can be adjusted. The different functions can be combined. The speaker is very pleasant, no too high tones and also no scratches. The motor is heard during the belly movements, but not as bad as I think. If the motor encounters too high resistance, then everything goes out and it stops.You can also switch it off completely. In the packaging it is attached with a cord and a plastic part, which is removed with a 90 degree rotation. If you put the plastic part back in again sounds are short to hear and then the buttons are without function.I like the slumber otter very well, melody and sounds are pleasant and soothing. The Gösse also fits very well and the condition very simply."
5,"The small otter is immediately closed into the heart. It has such a nice design and is cuddly despite electronics. You can remove the inner life with cotton wool and you already have a normal stuff animal. The otter has various functions such as breathing noises, (the cleanest snoring in the world), sleeping melodies (finally quiet sounds and no hectic playing clock-climbing) or simply noise. If you lift the breathing movement activated and lowers the belly, unfortunately not quite noise-free. On the belly is also a small lamp built in which lights up during activity. Very nice. I particularly like that the volume can be adjusted, depending on need. Everything can be switched separately and with a slight pressure on the belly started or stopped. There is also an automatic shut-off after a certain time, which I find very practical! It is definitely a great companion for the very small ones and certainly also later! Positive: optics, function, design Neutral: electronics, engine noise Negative:"
5,our grandson loves his otter.clear purchase recommendation
5,Perfectly just beautiful. Just the right thing. Helps my baby fall asleep again. Very cuddly and mega sweet
5,The sweetest otter in the world :)
5,Just sweet of the little otter
5,The otter is a miracle medicine for our little ones. It only takes a few minutes for us to fall asleep.
5,The otter is really cuddly soft. My little prince likes it great. Just like his big brother.
5,Totally fascinating for our son. It calms and plays relaxed and relaxing music to fall asleep.
5,Actually I bought the baby for our grandchild. Our dog also finds him
5,"You will be thanked, by the full wonder of your child's face, at the moment of discovering his plush! She is really cracking this plush! My 3-year-old son has made a huge hug to him as soon as he has had it in his hands! I too!!! The breathing mechanism is extremely well made, it is very soothing. The light emanating from the belly is very soft and felty, because it passes through the coat of the pestiole. And once you have tightened in your arms you can't see it anymore. The musics are very soothing, the volume adjustment is top, you can fall down as it pleases. This allows the child to activate his doudou during the night without disturbing those who sleep next door. The noise of the mechanism is barely audible, with its almost minimum and teddy closed. I haven't studied too much the other functions (cardio, in utero,...) but already those used and the reaction of my son, which in addition is not at all the fan of the teds, allows me to put this little note to the best possible!"
5,"This little otter is just adorable! All soft despite the mechanism it holds, this little otter has an undeniable calming power thanks to its belly that swells and lowers as if it breathed, to the sounds it emits (especially a slight snoring or heartbeat), and to the sweet starlight on its belly. My daughter (who is not a baby - while the otter addresses the toddlers a priori) has difficulty calming down and falling asleep: she fell asleep in 5 minutes with her little otter in her arms! Absolutely delighted with my purchase."
5,"Magic! Our 4-month-old son hardly slept, neither day nor night. To the point that the crib threatened not to keep him. We had tried several dudous, no help was given. The otter was adopted from the start. Our baby was turning her head towards her, and her head was held up by the plush. The noises are very soothing. Personally I use the heartbeat, my baby loves. The noise that mimics a breath is very well as well, and another noise mimics the sounds in utero, very useful I think for a new baby. As soon as it turned well our son started to take the otter in his arms as soon as he was lying in his cradle. I see three negative points. - the tissue of the teddy is not oeko tex, I advise to wash it before giving it to baby. - the nightlight is a little too powerful, especially if baby keeps his face all against the otter. - it would be very useful to add this noise to the baby. Nevertheless, it would be impossible to add a remote control, because sometimes we would like to change the mode of giving it to a little otickness."
5,"We were looking for a music box and came across this sweet otter here. You can play different songs, make loud and quiet, set sneeze noises, heart palpitations and a night light. Pro: + great music box + soft and cuddly + sweet design + gender neutral + sneezing sounds + heart palpitations + makes rhythmic movements + different slumber songs + night light + easy to use + single units can be played or everything can be easily removed at the same time + soothing + electronics and thus washing machines suitable + loud and quiet adjustable Contra: - motor when ""heart palpitation"" clearly heard Would I buy again at any time, highly recommended."
5,A very magical music box is that. Win a cuteness price with me! Important for me: you can adjust the volume well. The viper makes different sounds like heart palpitations and soothing melodies. It is very fluffy-soft and shines also in color - but not too much. Everything is individually adjustable. The electronics are removable and the viper is washable. Cute! Cute! Cute!
5,"So the workmanship is really very good. Also the design is very sweet kept. I personally took out the electronics, because this is a bit too clunky and hard. However, the idea that when playing the music, also the bellies of the otter moves along is very nice from the principle.Overall full score, because you can easily take out the electronic inner life, which is then also practically meant to clean the otter. Super solved."
5,"I gave it to her and since then I haven't got it back. She cuddles him every morning and takes him to bed every night. The music, sounds and movements are ideal for falling asleep, even if she didn't turn him on in bed. He's lying so wrong with her – that's enough for her. The otter is very well processed and really very cute. I think it's a great gift. He's super cuddly and fluffy. I'm thrilled and my daughter loves him!"
5,"The daughter of my boss has just become a mom, so I ordered this music box for her. The fur is pleasantly soft and odorless. Previous washing was indestructible. electronic out, washing, electronics in. Folds great. The songs are pleasantly lulling, the lifting and lowering of the belly feel babies safe as pleasant.Conclusion: Mama satisfied, baby peeked at the beginning still spartan, but has accepted the music box and sleeps well with it."
5,"The bad otter from Fisher-Price is the perfect companion for our baby and a perfect cuddly toy for our baby. Someone has thought about it and studied babies. Great! From the front a soft cuddly toy with great functions that can be adjusted from behind (solid body) differently. With the melodies several different songs sound one after the other and especially in a pleasant way of sound. The light function is muted and also the rehearsed noise from the mother's womb calms our baby. Absolute purchase recommendation, our little one loves it."
5,"It is rated: Fisher-Price FXC66 - Slommer Otter music box made of plush soothing music, light and breathing movements, sleeping aid for babies, from birth delivery perfect 2 days before my niece was born. Very practical, you can remove the electronics inside and wash the part (I recommend everyone with newborn ones). Otherwise, the otter is a great companion for babies. You can play different volumes and music pieces. Also, the belly glows and moves. Great gift and I can only recommend."
5,"The little otter is delivered in its cardboard bed. It is made of fluffy, soft material, but rather we look like a teddy (Otter is usually narrower built). The inner life of the otter consists of the actual music box. The otter cover can be removed and also washed. On the back there is the opening, which is secured with a Velcro closure. It is operated with 4 1.5V AA batteries, which are already in place in the device (inner life of the otter). If you look at this music box more closely, you can find back buttons for volume control, a button for 30 minute playing of soothing music, the second button serves to select the piece (nature, background noise, snoring or heartbeat), the third button starts a 10 minute movement (the belly) of the otter – and another button allows the light to shine for 15 minutes, which is shimmering through the small belly. All settings can be set out miraculously by pressing the corresponding button. A user manual in numerous languages is included. Conclusion: I like this soft, sweet otter provides a good touch for the baby."
5,"The Slommer Otter music box by Fisher-Price is half-open packed in a cardboard box, so it looks like the cuddly animal is lying in a cradle. Nice design. Included in the delivery are 4 AA batteries, through which the music box is operated. The product is clean, unoccupied and does not secrete any odors. The otter combines some functions: It is cuddly toy, music box, light... You can set music, heartbeat and sleep sounds among others, lighting and movement. The keys to adjust are to be operated on the music box itself, for which you open the Velcro at the back of the otter. The little otter appeals. It is cuddly, has a friendly face and a pleasant size. The music box is removable from the inside, so that the otter itself can be washed in the machine. An aspect that is important in my opinion for small children. The product is certainly suitable as a gift."
5,"The otter looks simply cuddly. It has a friendly face, is soft and fluffy and can become the first plush friend for every baby. It is quite expensive, almost forty euros, but the price is quite justified. The otter is not only a simple musical clock that you raise, and then always comes the same melody. It has several different melodies on offer, which can play up to 30 minutes. The volume can be regulated. In addition, the otter gives breath sounds of itself on request, the chest of the stuffed animal lifts and lowers, and also the heartbeat can be made audible. On the belly of the otter a soft, yellowish light shines, which gradually becomes weaker and then runs out. For a baby, the otter therefore looks really real and has a calming effect when falling asleep. The four batteries required are included. The cover of the otter can be washed without ""intments"", so without electronics, well in the machine. I find this plush animal very cute and absolutely suitable for babies as sleeping companions."
5,My son loves this toy. We have had it as his night time music since his birth and take it with us when we go anywhere. The sound volume can be adjusted and the fabric is washable .One of my go to toys for friends with newborn babies.
5,"I bought this for my little guy when he started his 8 month sleep regression. It was a bit of a long shot but I was desperate! Wow, it really helped! He seems to find it really soothing. I put on the white noise function and the tummy rising/falling, which he loves. 2 months later and it’s an integral part of his bedtime routine! The light is very soft, not a disturbance at all. Highly recommend."
5,"Amazing. Within 2 weeks of using this, my baby started sleeping by herself. She used to cry as soon as you put her down. The breathing and noise option work wonders. She loves it. The only bad thing is the button to turn it on is right on the front, so I have to turn it away from her or she'll turn it off"
5,Great quality and so cute! Really snuggly for my 4 month old granddaughter to fall asleep with and very proactive when she is awake. Soothing tune and comforting breathing motion. She loves it!
5,My 4 month old grandson absolutely loves his otter.
5,Sends my son in law straight to sleep the baby takes a little longer I understand!
5,We buying it for our newborn babies 👶Is lovely 😍 price as well - great .  At this moment every night our babies nice sleepy.
5,What a great toy! Our daughter loves it and helps her sooth her to sleep. Watching her stroking it is adorable and really helps her settle.
5,My little girl is 3 weeks old and has loved the sounds this otter makes. The fur is so soft and the sounds are great! My daughter settles much better with these sounds. I highly recommend this
5,"I use it every night to help my baby fall asleep. The soft light and sell it that swells and then deflates comfort baby. I like the melodies included that are very soft and of quality and I find that the white sounds are top! Depending on the evenings, baby falls asleep at the soft sound of the otter's breath or the sound of the melodies."
5,Super beautiful plush that liked parents a lotVery easy to washMusic and white sounds perfect on the other hand the movement of the belly is quite noisy to see with the baby
5,"We couldn't hope better..a real wonder! Sweet, top music and in addition her little light on her little belly that waves at every snoring is just to crack..And the bonus is that it also works for dad and mom..hyper relaxing.."
5,Super plush very soft and very pretty!Don't make too much noise but sometimes starts working alone!
5,"I bought this otter all mimi for my newborn. In the end, it's my 21-month-old daughter who stole it. She's not going to sleep without her blanket, her doudo AND her otter. The little bemol of this otter, it's only that it works with batteries. So you have to change these at regular intervals (everything depends on the frequency of use of the device, we just changed the batteries of ours, so it lasted about two months). The otter can emit a number of distinct noises (small snoring, heart noises, white noises, uterus noise, etc.). You can only choose one type of noise at a time. It's necessary to do this, open the back of the otter. It's not excessively laborious, but it's not an operation that you're going to perform every 10 minutes either. The belly of the otter can lighten up to act as a watchmaker. It's an enormous problem, it's enough to open up the back of the otter. It's not enough to make up the otter, it's not enough to make up the otter. It's not enough to make up the otter, it's not to make up the otter. It's not enough to make up the otter to make up the otter to make sure otters not to keep the otters not to make it't the otter, it's an opt to make it's an opt, it's an opt to make sure opt for oint't ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot ot"
5,"So cute!!!Every soft, beautiful size to hold in the arms or be next to baby. There are several possible combinations with the 4 buttons (light, music, breathing movement, sounds) plus two volume buttons (about 4-5 levels of sound).Excellent purchase, we don't regret it!"
5,"My daughter has her otter since birth and she's never left her. Today she's 5 months old, and the effectiveness is real. Music, light and snoring soothes her. This otter is great! She even fools dad and mom!"
5,Hello I am very happy to have ordered this article my grandson he is very happy to have his little Fisher Prince and very good quality baby falls asleep very quickly thanks a lot Amazon
5,I bought it for my son following my hummy who no longer fascinated him and this otter is perfect she has several mode of music noise or snoring too cute I put it on snoring for my baby he loves and when he wakes up at night he can re-start it all alone by pressing on his sale I like it a lot
5,"It doesn't work all the time for baby, but for parents yes, it's really bluffed by this little otter, even if the volume could be higher. We can drop the stays under the hood to calm baby down."
5,"I loved this little otter that I offered as birth gifts for my nephew.My sister is delighted with the gift, she found it very beautiful, and loved the features."
5,"A nice product, at first I had a bit of trouble adjusting the effects, surprising heartbeats. You have to pull out the device whenever you want to change function."
5,"All soft, she became the baby's doudo! She saved us with the white noises at the start to calm the tears, with the great advantage of having an adjustable noise. She washes very easily unlike other musical plushs. And she's all cute in addition to the one minus, the sound of the mechanism to mimic the breath but you can disable it very easily (like the light). Perfect!"
5,My little daughter Léa 'three months) seemed to be very fond of her otter. She stayed for the first time for a long time listening to the heart beats by looking with her head to cuddle with. Good product to test over a long term. The medium term seems to work well since the parents tell me it's top to sleep or sleep her back.
5,"This otter saved the naps and nights of our 3-month-old baby!Thanks to her, baby is soothed and sleepy more easily. The musics are soft and pleasant (unlike many night-sighted..).There are lots of soothing noises: breathing, heartbeat, white noises, etc. On the other hand I find that the breathing movement is useless, the noise is enough.I highly recommend!!"
5,"The product is very pleasant, well thought out: the settings are easy, the maintenance is also very cute, my two babies have adopted it. Be careful, for sleep does not work all the time but it helps and it is of course according to the sensitivity of the child."
5,Very pretty puppy but especially the white noise is really perfect. Not aggressive in the ears of the parents and appease/endort baby systematically. I strongly recommend it for babies who need the white noise to fall asleep
5,"I Purchased 2, 1 for my Niece and 1 for my god daughter both born recently.. both parents are in love with it.. really works and smooths restless bubba's to sleep so I get brownie points on both fronts!"
5,"I. Love. This.It’s so incredibly soft and squishy. The 4 buttons in the back give you all the options you need (light, breathing, white noise, music). The songs are soothing, the white noise doesn’t just sound like a broken old hoover and the motor for the breathing isn’t too loud either. I think I might steal it from my baby and cuddle it myself :D"
5,"A lot smaller than i thought it would be but great grandson loves it, apart from the breathing noise, it is a bit disturbing and the little one deosn't like that part. Other than that successfully gets him back to sleep in the middle of the night if he wakes."
5,Really love this little otter and so do my 2 kids (9 months and 3 years) it’s adorable. The sound of the music is gentle and so is the light. It’s so peaceful and I almost feel like it’s soothing me to sleep 😴 I bought this as a gift for a new baby in the family and kept it 😅 oops! I will purchase another for baby!! 👌🏼☺️ Tried and tested gift 💝
5,"I was a little reluctant to spend so much on this toy, however it’s paid for itself already in terms of settling baby, and my baby is only 8 days old! I love the heartbeat mode, my baby is too young to be very interested in the fact it lights up and moves, but the sound is clearly very reassuring and settles him to sleep swiftly... as a bonus it also settled my husband and I into a quick sleep too!"
5,Absolutely love this! For our new born who is due any day now! Plays a soothing tune and its belly goes up and down like its breathing :-) cute as anything! We love otters so this was perfect.
5,"4 week old granddaughter falls asleep watching the light and listening to the heartbeat very quick as it's almost hypnotic. If I'm honest I sometimes use it on heartbeat to fall asleeo to, on a bad, potentially sleepless night."
5,"Couldn't be without it! Our little one would easily wake in her sleep so I'd be up god knows how many times in the night, but the white noise function soothes her when she stirs straight back to sleep! Really cute Otter design, super soft and snuggly. Easy to use and any hard bits are cushioned by the outer teddy so perfect for being in a cot with babies."
5,"This was a Christmas gift for my 4 month old grandson and he loved it. He obviously isn't playing with toys at the moment but he was smiling at the light and reaching out to touch it as well as grabbing and releasing the fur, and he stopped crying when the music was turned on. I love all of the options you can choose via the battery unit inside, you can have the light, music, white noise and breathing effect on or off you can also set it so the music goes off after 30 minutes. Great buy, good value for money and I highly recommend it."
5,Hey guysI got this little cute otter for my daughter for Christmas she is 8 weeks old its ssooo soothing the music is sssoo nice n soft and just at the right volume the belly moves in and out and the belly lights up and its not too bright it's just enough soon as I put it on within minutes my baby girl is sound asleep it plays for half an hour enough time to put her in a nice soothing sleep till her next feed it calms her when she gets upset it's amazing I recommend for every parent to get 1 of these can not recommend enough fantastic product
5,"Little one likes it, only down side is the push button on the stomach is very easily turned off so it doesn't always keep going for very long if shes moving around a lot.Lovely soft fur just wish the hard plastic inner was a bit smaller as it makes the whole thing quite cumbersome for little hands to hold or hug."
5,"We took this sweet otter for our coming puppet, to put it in the cradle with him. But as we got home our 4 year old fell in love with it literally!The otter is soft and cute, then by pressing the belly you can start the melodies, the white noise, the beat and the breath.It is possible to select the volume and the sounds that you want to make to emit by pressing the button in the back that are under the pellicciotto.I have to say that we loved everyone, it is a real love!"
5,"This beautiful otter of Fisher-Price is a plush made especially for children, especially for newborns to help them sleep better, to calm them when they cry and not make them feel alone. The otter was made with a device inserted inside the body of the plush, a mechanism that can be removed by removing it from the back of the otter thanks to a good opening with the velcro, in this way it is also possible to wash the plush in the washing machine. The device has six buttons: - The first two serve to increase or decrease the volume of the music and sounds reproduced by the otter; - The third reproduces the music of some lullaby in rotation, and turns off automatically after thirty minutes; - The fourth reproduces the breath while sleeping, the sound of the wind, the heartbeat and the heartbeat when it is active in the womb, to switch from one type of sound to the other, it is enough to press the button: the first time will stop the sound and the second time will be activated by the sound; the fifth one can lift the breath to the next."
5,"An unusual pet, this otter is beautiful! Cute melodies, light in the tummy and fantastic ""breath"" mode.. I bought it to put it near my 2 month old baby when sleeps because he likes contact very much, it didn't work but we love it when wake up!!:) only flaws the price a little 'high even if much lower than the store"
5,"I decided to test this plush to my grandson, just three years old. As soon as he saw it he was very happy and he exclaimed it was: ""Zia, it's very soft!"" Actually the plush is really soft to the touch and a real companion for the nights, of our children. The animal represented is a gray otter, a toy animal that is able to help children play and also relax, during the night and during the time they rest. This otter is able to emit vibrations that calm and relax the child, but also of music, very sweet. It is suitable for babies from 0 months up, let's say until 3-4 years of age. In any case, even if the kids get bigger, will remain his companion at night and play. An aspect that struck me, it was the fact of having used the sounds of nature, to relax and calm the little ones and I have to say that they really work. The sounds have a length of about half-hour. Our bright effects are also attractive in the AAA."
5,"Very good product! I recommend this adorable little otter, which changes from all the other nightlights. My baby loves it and sleeps with it. Soft music, light on the small belly, breathing.... Zen moment even for the big ones we would fall asleep with...!"
5,"With this plush no need to rock baby for hours. We went on vacation, I forgot it... what a misfortune!"
5,"What to say? My daughter LOVES him and I with her. Very soft, zero visible seams, tender and especially functional. It reproduces according to the choice of music, white noise, the sound of the Breath or heartbeat. Also the otter tummy lights up and moves as if breathing. For the newborn is a real comfort in the cradle, always kept in safety, I place it away from his face so that he can perceive it even just by touching it with his hand. Wonderful purchase, we are really happy!"
