rating,review
1,Battery is draining too fast without any use
1,Camera is. Not working leptop si hoting
1,Please don't buy after 3 months it's not working
1,Laptop heat after use 15 mints some kye are not working battery backup is not god
1,Very Poor Performance
1,Produc is good but after one month get disturbed before use
1,It is worst laptop in century.performance battery backup camera all are worst .within a minute it's started heating.30000 laptop is better than this laptop
1,Value of money
1,To bad leptop
1,Issues coming after 15 days only regarding software
1,All keyboards are not working
1,"I purchased this laptop and it is not opening after charging for a long time.
Zero customer service provided by medium (flipkart"
1,"In 2-3 months, it started showing issues."
1,Negetive reviews are deleting?? 😂😂 again i am saying its Worst.. Motherboard gone after one month.. It has only been used a few times and also poor service
1,So bad product its key board are useless not working good
1,Cannot even run valorant
1,Just looking good working the worstest.It's like a toy for kids not for working.Totally waste of money.
1,Bad laptop
1,It's very bad product too bad 25days ago its completely not working worst item
1,"opening Lid having some play issue when you open on holding on your hands not on table, i think on long terms it will become the very big issue, may be its hinge totally free/broken"
1,This is totally very bad product you can take anyone
1,"Ms office ledu, laptop chala hang avuthundhi..... battery performance slow...vest of money... laptop size small.... totaly vest of money...."
1,"One of the worst laptop, don't buy seeing the images"
1,First of all No MS Office You have to purchase it Sound Speaker low only good in Headphone Software speed slow And Now I noticed keypad touchpad Not working..
1,1 not pree instead windows 😡😡
1,Great Performance.. Best Looking..
1,This device is not compatible with the latest windows 11 24H2 update. Shame...
1,"Flipkart has absolutely scammed me. The laptop is not charging, the fingerprint is not working. the battery life is absolutely poor. THEY HAVE SENT A DEFECTED PIECE AND THEY ARE NOT EVEN HELPING. Worst experience ever! Please do not buy!"
1,Display complaint
1,Very very bad product. Do not buy anyone
1,"Ms office not inbuilt
Flipkart says contact with Lenovo and Lenovo says contact Flipkart.
Heating is too much.
Product hangs too much."
1,"The worst product not expected this kind of product from Flipkart, fully disappointing this product . Kindly help me out"
1,Very good quality laptop I like it this product 👍
1,not good product audio video very bad over all do not try about it
1,"The product which I order for new brand but the merchant are sailing refurbished lap, just adding outfit with new parts but the interior and displays are not that much quality and efficient.

I really felt it was not worth in purchase through Flipkart."
1,Effective remaining warranty in HP Web site is showing as only 6 months and 28 days
1,Average quality
1,There are few key's are not working don't buy this product
1,"In our laptop wifi is connected but internet not work, no any website open. Laptop have written they give antivirus for some times but, there is no already antivirus."
1,Day one heat issue problem is there. I do not recommend this laptop :)
1,"Within a day got blue screen error. Even in trouble shooting didn't detecting hardisk. It might me harddisk issue. I don't recommend this laptop.

Issue not resolved just kept under observation for 14 days. If again issue raise then then we give the effective certification."
1,Don't buy this product...battery life is very bad....please don't buy it is waste of money and it is also overprice
1,"Laptop is getting heat after 20 mins
So much heat is coming"
1,No good
1,This is extremely slow. Waste of money. Don't buy it.
1,Display resolution is very bad no eye comforta
1,stopped working on 10th day of purchase Flipkart says tata bye bye
1,Performance week and up not relsolve problem automatic lack this laptop battery drain fast for normal use 2 month use this rev
1,Battery life is below 150 min
1,Nice product good battery 50watt
1,"Never buy this laptop.

cons - 1. Display- The display is very bad.

2.warranty- The worst thing is that warranty was written (on site )but while doing product registration it shows (carry on).

The laptop has already started lagging andAcer's customer support is very bad

*My opinion is buy another brand laptop.

pros - It has no pros."
1,Vedio quality is very low
1,"Asus laptops are not reliable, I am updating my review after 7 months use. my laptop completely dead suddenly while playing game."
1,"Paid 1.10lakh for worse screen and screen bleeding issue, after screen replacement within 30days, issue still persists. Spent some more and Go for Lenovo Legion."
1,Don't buy this product... After few months have a motherboard issue 😭... And don't solve this problem... Simply waste
1,Starting trouble
1,Dont buy this laptop
1,"It's not good laptop, got defective within one month"
1,"Waste of money, it's not working"
1,Value for money Wow really very good...hary up buying
1,"So wonderful to good
Nice 👍"
1,"Very bad product don't buy
No service centre
They are make fool every costomer 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻"
1,Worst experience with this laptop. It doesn't turn on on battery within a month of usage I got to know this issue
1,"Laptop performance nice but design is thirdclass, hot fan venting is screen side so screen heat too much during game also charger is very big so overall 1 rating"
1,"Battery life only 10 minute,"
1,Kharab product not working
1,"Very very worst laptop

Not in worked keyboard

Not in worked left and right side speakers

Dead slow

Only 3 application installed memory will be filled

Don't buy this product"
1,Low quality
1,"Do not buy this. If you are looking for a sign, here it is! Its silver in colour. Nobody can call it a rose gold laptop. Lags A LOT! The processor cannot handle any heavy software.. please do not buy this"
1,"Not working properly. Not value for money.
You will have to get subscription for using ms word ms Excel.
😭😭 Please don't buy it's product."
1,Very bad performance. DON'T BUY THIS LAPTOPS
1,very bad quality of laptop hanging problem
1,Not happy with the product once 1 year is complete and the problem starts..
1,Worst of money
1,"Faced issues like hanging and screen freeze, keyboard and touchpad not working within a week by a brand new laptop."
1,Speakers are very bad very poor quality
1,Quality of display is bad . I got effective speakers. And no microsoft installed. Waste for money. They are not replacing also so don't buyy
1,i am editing my reply. its not even a month and it's not working. Dead. I haven't even started doing real work.
1,Bad products
1,Office work photo Shop working but gaming not performance
1,Sound is hardly audible. Takes the fun out of the otherwise good laptop. Totally disappointed with the audio system. Very sad.
1,"Laptop specific wise good but Touchpad not working on the first day.
What a mess MSI😡🤬🥵"
1,Very bad battery backup around 2 hours only.
1,voice is very low
1,"As per the product details, MS office package is missing. Flipkart didn't respond and told me to apply for a replacement. However, Flipkart rejected the replacement request. Based on the conversation recording available, we'll try what can be possible legally."
1,The touchpad and the cursor didn't work the first day... what a mess
1,"Getting issues just after 15 days.
Switching off automatically after blinking power led in orange and beeping for few seconds.
No service center details are available. Created a ticket in flipkart. lets see"
1,Laptop is not charging
1,Worst laptop
1,Too much flickering issues I want replacement waste of money.
1,"Flipkart Open Box Delivery is Very Poor..
I hate Flipkart Open Box Delivery ,
Laptop Display Size is Very Small ,
And this Laptop Not Refundable ,
And Not Buying this Laptop ,
My suggestion not Buy this laptop .....Very Poor Laptop"
1,HEATS A LOT 1/2 Star for this product
1,Having a electric shock while charging
1,In this laptop I find hinge problem so don't
1,Battery issue !! 1 hour battery if you use continuously. To be honest go for the product have high battery. Otherwise this machine willl not be consider as portable. You will find charging board everywhere you go.
1,"Touch pad is not working properly, it's Vibrating"
1,"Very bad products quality very bad speaker quality very bad products do not buy this at all

Even no return policy no refund policy very very bad product"
1,Sound is very less
1,Power cable problem
1,Display screen fluctuating
1,"No Return ,Brand are Not accept Return
Very bad Quality
All time hank this laptop
Don't buy this laptop 😡😡😡"
1,Don't buy guys.....slow working... hanging problem....no battery backup.... heavy battery heating..... charger quality is too low....No return option 🤬🤬
1,"I received this device with high expectations, but right from day one, the battery failed to charge beyond 0%. Despite reaching out promptly to both Flipkart and Asus for assistance, it's been over a week, and there has been no resolution. The delay and lack of effective support have been incredibly frustrating.

Given my experience, I would strongly recommend steering clear of this product. Save yourself the hassle and look for more reliable alternatives."
1,"The model shows its out of warranty, and it always get weird static sound from right speaker on boot up after I shut it shutdown for over 3-4 hours and the right speaker completely stops working"
1,Heating so much and very high CPU temperature even in ideal condition
1,The product is good and all but after sales support is pathetic. Just over a year and the cpu fan had conked off. I have been trying to get it fixed since the last one week but their service centers don't have the spare in stock. Better go for Dell or Asus
1,Battery health is very low. I use for 5 minutes charge is lass by 20 percent
1,I received a defective piece laptop screen is not working
1,"Seller is alright, nothing wrong with seller. But don't purchase intel 12th gen processor laptops! The overheating is unbearable it's not suitable for even 1 hr continuous gaming. THERE IS NO OPTION TO DISABLE TURBO BOOST. The 12th gen H processors are LOCKED meaning you can't undervolt or underclock either. Even 9th gen processors had that feature but not this! Never purchase an intel 12th gen processor, you'll regret it"
1,worst product don't bye from flipkart
1,"My review after using it 1 month -
• After Only 10 Minute Of Use laptop get extremely heated 🥵
• Baterry Drained Very Quick
• Don't Buy This You Will Definately Regret"
1,"Do not buy this model. This model of laptop has Manufacturing Defect, It has Charging and Overheating Problem. I suffered a lot due to this faulty product. Finally Flipkart agreed to Refund. I Request everyone DO NOT PURCHASE this...."
1,Very bad product getting heat fast
1,"i faced this item issues (1)like battery drain (2)old laptop previous activate (3) hardware all part old 27/09/2023
almost one year old (4) sometimes black screen blink
(5) quality too bad experience for it's too embarrassing for flipkart customer or seller ratting O"
1,"Don't buy this
Choose windows laptop not a chromebook"
1,poor battery backup .... Don't buy it
1,"Very bad audio clarity.
Even it is not audible"
1,"Not compatible with windows 11, everyday im seeing a new bluesceen error im so done fixing it everyday. As a Software Engineer I suggest not to buy it"
1,"Touch and keyboard is not working properly and blinking of display so many times....
So, I would like to say this product is not good.
Therefore don't buy this product."
1,product is good but don't know why i didn't get ms office subscription with it
1,Some time light lag problem not for good just office use only battery backup is not good 4 hours only one Time Full charge
1,Screen is blinking continuously in day one
1,Battery and sound not working
1,battery draining issue
1,Never buy this product not value for money go for Lenovo you get better laptop in this price range
1,"Very bad display quality don't waste your money, return policy is very bad, review video will come soon"
1,Very chip products don't bay
1,Heating problem waste product don't buy
1,"Writing review after 5month of use, screen started shaking in every 5 minutes of use, buy on your own risk"
1,"I needed a light gas on the keyboard, lighting is not provided here"
1,"After one month of purchase the touch of the crome book is not working, most of the time entire system is operating on its own without my intervention. I was cheated by this product and i have just wasted my hard earned money... Due to my hectic schedule I was not able contact the seller... Plz don't buy..."
1,One of the worst products when I purchase this next days screen going trouble and going black for a second and now I use from 14 days going bad experience don't buy accer as this is mh second bad experience with accer।
1,Worst laptop pls pls pls guys don't buy
1,Very Poor quality product. Mother board damaged under 1 month after purchase.
1,Touchpad issue
1,"Very bad product, guys please don't buy ,I am stuck with this product and Flipkart is not even taking it back.


This is a very poor product, the camera quality is very bad, the video quality is very bad, the sound is absolutely bad."
1,It doesn't have many prots to connect the ubs drives
1,After 10 days screen was completely flickering and dead very poor support from Flipkart and Acer. Flipkart asking us to give good review. If need a good review you replace new laptop and then I'll submit good review.
1,Automatically power on off probelm....
1,Screen was not working properly. Poor product. Flipkart has not replaced it even after 2 months. Feeling Trapped.
1,Worst
1,"If you want to purchase any electronic item do not except any warranty or refund. Generally, many sellers sell defective product on Flipkart site and Flipkart will cancel your refund for defective product. The customer will have to struggle to move pillar to pillar for rectification."
1,Defective product
1,After using 2weeks laptop having a issue of turn on.
1,"Worst laptop. Don't buy. Many issues like heating, worst screen, very slow ext. Too many issues.After the use of only 2weeks it is dead during work.worst Don't Buy."
1,Display is very poor.
1,It's very bad product please do not buy charging is very bad and speaker out put worst.product I am asking for replacement with other product in filp cart .please please with out knowledge inbought
1,"Very poor product really total waste just like a plastic box
Thing good in it
Don't buy this product
As I m suffering with this product
Shame on u flipkart
Poor service"
1,This laptop is money waste because you start laptop after 4 and 5 minutes very heat laptop
1,Battary standby is very poor. Overall performance is bad
1,Battery life is very bad 😞
1,"Don't buy
The product went to blur just after starting in few seconds"
1,"This is a Chines product. I purchased it o 16th Sep, 2024. Within 2 month, it is not working."
1,Worst experience
1,"Worst product ever I have seen, service of customer center is soooooooooo poor, never buy this worst product, I'm regreting buying this laptop. Build quality is soooo 3rd class."
1,"Fan is not working,
Battery is also not charging,
Worst product I have ever seen."
1,"Very disappoint in display lineing, blinking, overheating leptop keyboard some key is not working 🤬"
1,"Frequently automatically restart and not working properly, waste of money, don't purchase this laptop."
1,"1month.not buy this product
6 month bugs in laptop
8 month display not working
9 month service time take more"
1,Don't go for this battery issues are there
1,"Getting extremely warm.
The cooling fan having heavy noise.
Only a good looking design is a positive that I feel.
Poor performance.
Never ever recommend to anybody
Battery back up is only 2.5 Hrs maximum."
1,"Review of 2 days of using
It is always hanging
Becoming hot even few minutes of normal use"
1,I have bought it on flipkart and it's shut down automatically after 1 days
1,"The keyboard and trackpad are very useless, it is better to take any company's brother, my daughter-in-law, I am regretting"
1,"Color of the Laptop is getting faded,

In just 7 days of use color is getting faded, feeling like cheated"
1,Worrest laptop
1,"This is very cheap in quality, and the service is very very poor, its my humble to every one plz dont buy this, product. Buy another brand"
1,Not so think as look
1,Stopped charging within a week
1,I am writing review after one month very useless laptop screen shut down automatically now charging is happening and now On is also not happening. very useless laptop
1,Everything is OK but Battery is very poor. Because I use only for browsing but battery drain so fast it gives only 2 hrs.
1,Product is good but flipkart teach some patience to deliver person. Delivery person behaviour are not good.
1,With in a month too many lines on my screen and I tried to contact customer care no one is responding properly worst HP SERVICE .I spent 70k hard earned money and with in a month too many lines on screen worst product
1,"Very bad

Battery problem, display not good

Dilvery person behaviour very bad"
1,Battery and display is not well
1,If you want battery life please don't buy a laptop I get 1.5 hours of battery
1,"I am extremely disappointed with this laptop. I faced this issues

Poor Performance: The laptop is very slow and lags frequently. Even basic tasks take a long time to complete, making it nearly unusable.

Build Quality: The build quality is subpar. The keyboard feels flimsy, and the screen has a noticeable flicker.

Battery Life: The battery life is terrible. It barely lasts a couple of hours on a full charge, which is far less than advertised.

Overheating: The laptop heats up quickly, even ...
READ MORE"
1,Mouse not working don't take anyone
1,Battery fast drain 1 hours only battery back and return exchange process very poor
1,"I purchased this laptop 8/10but that day I use this laptop nearly 6 hours after that this laptop was hit more and tamprechar is nearly 42 ,now today means 10/10 i play alphas 8 and laptop was lagging and some where frame drop I see 😞 this laptop is hx series but performs like u series if your find gaming laptop that choice is totally unfair 😞 I add some more experience now means 19 oct this laptop carsal was not appear some time then I switched off the laptop than it show I don't know why ...
READ MORE"
1,"Bad product with Bad service of
Don't buy go with brand"
1,"Worst purchase experience from the flipkart tgey rejwcted my replacement for no reason...my system has blacklet beed issue..iam changing every thing.
This was my worst ever experience from flipkart. Dont buy profucy feom flipkart"
1,It's stop working suddenly
1,Some Keys are not working properly. Performance is good
1,"Screen quality is very bad
Don't by this laptop"
1,"Performance is very slow. So i suggest you, please don't buy this laptop"
1,Worst exp
1,"The sound quality is poor, not even half as good as the sound from my mobile. I immediately raised a return request the next day, but Flipkart rejected it, stating that the description did not mention anything about sound quality. I would give this product 0 stars. Do not purchase electronic items from Flipkart as they don't give assurance on product features"
1,Just 2 months very less usage.. Display gone
1,Support is very worst key board problem. I try cc but any one not response.
1,"Bad products
Display worst
Destop not open"
1,Not a product to be purchased.. felt utterly disappointed after using it.. using laptop for more than 12yrs and first time felt so annoying OS.. u can't even save a wallpaper from internet .. everythin gets saved in html format .This device is nothing but a chrome browsing store..right click does nothin here
1,Lacked for an hour... Not even two weeks properly completed and started getting hang an lack alot....😭😭😭😭... I wished I was to know these issues b4.... I couldn't bought it....
1,Battery drains faster... Heating issue.. Don't buy...
1,Received 12th may 2024 and 29 may 2024 the mouse pad is not working and some keys not respond...Feeling very down to trust this product.
1,heating problem and durability concern.
1,"Cons:battery issues drains quickly
Speaker: very bad unable to listen properly because of low speaker quality
Pros: good for day to day works (all kinds)"
1,Avg product no sound in speaker.. heating issue etc.
1,Battery backup is not good only 1 hours
1,Poor display
1,"The laptop recieved was defective and was never replaced, beware before buying from Flipkart. The product switches off randomly and doesn't switches on untill it's plugged in although it already had 60-70% of battery"
1,Laptop is shutting down every now and then when using without charger in just 10 days after delivery.
1,🙏 Enough. Will not recommend anyone to go with Acer. How can be a product malfunction with in 2 weeks?
1,"Don't buy this........ Having keyboard backlit issue, and worst laptop ever seen(This review is giving after using of this pc for an year).... Worst laptop"
1,Getting problem with the stylus pen . I didn't get my warranty also. Terrible experience.
1,Worst worst worst product! Never buy from flipkart! They will screw you after you done with payment
1,Waste of money dont buy it . I am regreting after buying this😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
1,Totally waste of money and it's suddenly shutdown automatically.
1,"Worst worst product ever, Network is not working Heating issues"
1,"This is a waste of money
Fan making noise while downloading
Laptop is over heating while downloading anything"
1,Absolutely rubbish. The pc crashed on the first windows update. When the incident was raised they changed the mother board but couldn't retrieve the data in the laptop which is absolutely unacceptable. Donot purchase laptops online.
1,"Can't takout print , hp printers are not supporting it"
1,Not a for bay
1,Product is not good
1,It's not good
1,Heating problem i was using only 30 min and too much high in the life corner side
1,Poor connectivity. Poor quality of audio and vedio.its not a correct product.very bad experience of it.i think asus company is best in india but it's products are very low in quality.also no return policy.i suggest to all who wants to buy it that it's very bad product.
1,Nice laptop. Very worst Product delivery service. 11 days before received near by hup but not delivered. I will collect from the hup. In between so many compliments no response ekart service. After I find the hup.
1,Very worst don't buy any one please after 13 days not working and not turn on not charging please don't buy very worst product
1,Chrome is getting heat after 10 minutes of normal use .
1,"Don't buy any one

Not working properly"
1,Very bad.Dont purchase electronic item from online.They show lots of offer but item delivered very poor quality.
1,Worest Laptop
1,The product is very poot
1,Stopped working in 2 months
1,"Flipkart was delivered this Laptop on 10.05.2024 at about 0630 PM and I was raised a query at about 1000 PM at the same day I.e. 10.05.2024 about this Laptop has Charge very slow i.e. 4 to 5 hours taken for full charge and reduce battery very fast i. e. 60 to 70 minutes from 100% to 0%. Flipkart not supported to solve the issue for replacement or return of battery and adapter or Laptop. Very bad product and very bad service. I am also Inform that flipkart has pressing hard for change my revi...
READ MORE"
1,UT gives only 9 fps on asfalt 9
1,Not well avrage
1,battery is not work properly
1,"Worst battery backup.
100% Totally 1 hour."
1,It's heating issue
1,Bad product waste of money 😭
1,Battery backup is low..and facing frequent touchpad issues
1,Within 15 days the keyboard is not working and other booting issues also arise...I am not satisfied with this product
1,The laptop body is not closing completely. There is a big gap in it.
1,"Battery not good .recommended by 7 hours or a day,but it's run only 2, or 3. Hours only. And key pad worst quality."
1,"Keyboard all letters not working
System hang and very slow"
1,"The battery life is not good and performance is not good because it consume more power and it drop in starting speed and installing application speed.
Speakers are not good the sound quality also not good and some time audio are breaking.
Display in gamming is not like because the video quality in gamming not good.
Heating issue in keyboard when play games.
Sdd secondary slot is not given.
Vram is given in grafic processor
Keyword quality is very bad.
My don't buy this product"
1,My keyboard is not working properly when ever i try to type something it's anable to work in between backlit is also not working i really disappointed with this product
1,Flipkart send me used and defective product. Product has different Serial number and invoice has different one. This laptop is slow and battery issue. Waste of money. I do complaint but flipkart are not escalated issue giving unnecessary and non professionals reasons. Waste of time and money
1,Sound qulaty very poor
1,I know what am purchasing by the way its an amazing product from Hp but flipkart gave me a defected producted and refused to replace another good one at the same price rather they offered refund ..which am not so happy with So think twice before getting electronics from flipkart !!!
1,Battery performance is not good 😢
1,headphone jack not working its very smaall in size
1,"Worst product, Please don't buy..I am very disappointed..."
1,"Please Not Buy This Laptop Not Working This Heat Issue And Hanging
And Laptop Fan not Working Please Not Buy"
1,"Dont buy this if you are looking for good sound, this laptop have poor sound output compared to other laptops.
For 70k product without good speakers is not fair"
1,After using 3 week charging point not working
1,All good but speaker not working properly. .
1,Very bad laptop west off money
1,Very bad quality
1,Average
1,Worst product display is not working. ... .
1,"The mentioned upto 10 hours battery backup, but it only last 3-4 hours."
1,Laptop Heating too much When it's on and slow also
1,Device is pretty slow c
1,Poor product of Lenovo
1,Warrenty on new device is just 6 months.
1,"Sound quality is worse
One speaker is not working
After only 5 months of purchase"
1,Plz don't buy from FLIPKART they sent SEPTEMBER 2023 MANUFACTURING LAPTOP Very big fraud made by Flipkart I ordered this laptop in July 2024 but Flipkart sent me September 2023 model in latest price range Display is very poor and the service shown is only 6 month but the company is claimed 1 year warranty
1,"1st. Battry life very short, only 48whr..and give only 1-2 hours playback. I see this issue after purchase... And i try to return. But seller policy dont allow return bad seller, bad laptop

2nd. This is gaming laptop but its lag too much in normal tasks like browsing, file trasfering, and most of all time.

I menage with battery backup but laging issue is not accepted with gaming laptops very very disappointed but

In the case laptop use during charging this laptop move in terbo mode and giv...
READ MORE"
1,I got stuck pixel in my laptop display
1,"After using for 1 month, performance is good for normal work, little bit issue with keypad but Lenovo service and flipkart communication with seller is pathetic.
Warranty given is for 2 years on the flipkart website but Lenovo will give only one year of warranty and start date of warranty might be earlier by 3-4 months that they will update after wasting your some of the times but will not give the deniel letter for 2 years of warranty and flipkart will ask the same so at last you will just ...
READ MORE"
1,"It's too much hanging issue.....
Waste of money..
Not buy Lenovo product, at service center huge number off Lenovo customer"
1,"Very poor ,worest customer service my money laptop waste,, so many problems usb not working laging so much"
1,Worse experience with the system.
1,I don't suggest you to buy this laptop after a 1 months speaker starts misbehave even services centre has also not helped Strongly disagree 😞.
1,I bought this laptop first week the motherboard has issues now its been a month still it isn't ready.when you call they say it take time so before buying just under the issue.the customer service won't picking up the call
1,Don't buy a laptop from Flipkart. You will regret it.
1,"Got this at 55k in sale , writing after a month of use

Processor is good for daily use

Battery is pathetic

Doesn't rotates more than 120 degree , atleast must be 180 degree.

Display is crisp but sound is low

Very heavy in weight"
1,Battery backup is not good
1,"I looked at the reviews - most of them were nice to good and so ordered this product. Laptop is very slow to load websites. With 2-4 chrome tabs open, the laptop slows and becomes almost unusable. Worst is the screen - Its a TN panel with very bad viewing angles. It strains your eye and is bad for your eye. The reason this product is so cheap is because, the components useds - screen (bad TN panel), touchpad, storage (slow emmc) all used is very low quality.
Do not buy this product. Spend 3-4...
READ MORE"
1,"This is a 32 bit OS machine, please be noted about this fraud hauling of review and media report, everyone is telling 64bit OS but mine it's clearly seen 32bit."
1,"It was the worst laptop i have ever seen, poor build quality, simply waste of money. Worst customer support only chat support is provided."
1,Defective Product the most worst product i have ever bought
1,Camera is avarage
1,OS was not installed properly and performance is poor. I am not able to operate it properly
1,"I have received the laptop with only one slot ram.
It was supposed to be dual channel ram.
The laptop is heating too much. The cpu temp is going 100 even at the slightest load.
I don't know what is going on.
The processor is limited at 4ghz .
It doesn't support undervoltage."
1,"This product is not much good .
And not contain MS Office and also not contain Xbox
Battery is not good."
1,DO NOT buy this laptop. My laptop started showing blue screen error within 6 months of purchase. Lenovo has refused to replace or repair the device even though it is under warranty. Lenovo customer service is pathetic.
1,Poor performance not recommended. Cheap quality material.
1,"Speaker quality is so bad on this laptop, my old FM works better than this laptop"
1,The screen is not working
1,"Worst laptop..
Don't buy.
Worst display. Too much of heat and noise.
Poor build quality.
Worst performance."
1,"Worst product I will give negative rating if possible and one of the worst company is acer,
I recommend never purchase any product from acer,they have worst team"
1,SCAM: I bought this laptop few weeks back. Within a week touchpad is damaged and white light was seen on the screen. I bought this laptop along with Complete laptop protection from JEEVES. They are a bigger scammers who continue to remain in flipkart site despite scamming several people.
1,"Seller does not provide any type of gaming accessories with laptop , it only provide laptop.
After 5 hours of purchasing laptop windows goes corrupt blue screens apears.
My honest review after 1 week it processing speed is too much slow as compare to details provided by brand.
It works like normal laptop not gaming .
Totally disappointed 😔😔😔.
I suggest not to buy this laptop for gaming purposes."
1,"I bought this product a week back but guess what the display started slightly Shaking but now its not opening
As i showed in this photo it's started like that when I watching movie
I thought this was quite a good brand since i was using their mobile from past 2 years .
But my laptop experience was worst being a student its very hard for us to get issue with this budget laptops
Im really disappointed within"
1,"After the purchase of 5 days ,there is the problem cursor not showing and i also cannot find the solution of it"
1,Don't buy anyone because it has in-carry warranty. U can't get the laptop issues fixed at your home. All d time u have to visit at their service centers to fix this laptop issues and all these process takes almost full month to get it done. So better is to away from this laptop and buy d laptop which has domestic warranty
1,Battery drainage problem if you use video then battery drains quickly And sound is low.
1,I bought this product last week and now the laptop fan is not working I don't know why 😭 😡😡💢💢
1,Very third class Laptop
1,"I am giving this review exactly two years after buying this laptop. As the performance level of the laptop decreases, some serious issues are appearing on its display. The display light is flickering erratically. After all these problems I have not received any response from HP customer care. So before buying this laptop think a little more."
1,the product is very bad . its battery remain for 1-1.5 hrs.
1,I have received laptop with faulty battery. Battery drain very quickly not last more then 2 hours. Battery performance decreased below 50% of its original capacity.
1,"It is a Non removable battery, battery drains fast and average build quality, front camera very bad."
1,"Display very poor
There is a display bleeding problem"
1,"1. Display is worst. You can't study with this laptop. Because you cannot see the font clearly when you see any study video. Letters are looks very dull. It may suite for gaming because of color. Display 0 star

2. Sound is loud enough. But the quality is irritating. Sound 1 star

3. Hinge is tight. But the outside of the hinge feel like moving clearly. It will break in one or 2 years. Hinge 2 star

4. Performance is perfect for study. Performance is 5 star

5. Battery is above average. 4...
READ MORE"
1,"TouchPad not working properly. After some time open laptop the left and right side not working ids so terrible experience from acer
And speaker 🔊 was to bad because one side speaker is vibrating"
1,"Delivered Defective product, return raised with flipkart on same day of delivery but flipkart failed to inform or mail acer about the issue. Now they are not ready to take a return back of the product.
Better try MSI or ASUS coz acer quality is worst than anything."
1,"Who don't buy ryzen processor once listen this fan sound broken fan sound and loud
So don't buy the Acer 3 Amd ryzen."
1,Received a defective product with a faulty GPU. And when I tried raising the issue Asus never sent any technician to confirm the hardware issues and closed the case. Really great customer service on their part. Now I am stuck with this junk of a laptop.
1,I wasted my mon
1,Backlight not working
1,"I bought this laptop 7 months ago. This laptop is causing a lot of problems. It is restarting again and again. It is not working properly.
This is a request to Flipkart that you should give good products instead of giving discounts. You people do give discounts but give bad products. Every person buys goods with his hard earned money and you people rob people like us"
1,When i plug in it starts but when I play genshin impact it automatically shutdown and then I on but whenever I plug in laptop it automatically shutdown when i plug in and play genshin impact
1,"Worst product.
Please don't buy. I bought it one year ago and now it is not turning on. Facing issues with this product."
1,Device not turning on at 5th day of purchase itself.
1,"STARTED WITH HANUMAN CHALISA but it has so many lagging issues , its start is very slow , it's graphics are very bad even it has so many on playing web games"
1,Don't Buy this one. Battery backup is just 1 hrs on daily usage
1,"Hanging problem and not working properly software, other problems"
1,Battery drain problem
1,Battery drain very fast don't buy this
1,Worse laptop ever
1,Don't buy this product battery backup is worst only 1.5 -2 hour of video streaming and 1 hr for gaming and heavy usage
1,Not working
1,Very bed poor quality vest of many
1,After 2 days display found display issue.
1,Battery backup is not good it's very bad...
1,Worst battery backup and sound also not good overall Good but battery disspointed.
1,The product is not good.don't purchase this product.this is very worst product.screen blurred.picture is not clear
1,Terrible Product
1,"Not a good , I want to refund"
1,Worst performance. Speed is very slow. Don't buy it .
1,"Third class
Dont buy"
1,"Very poor, don't buy, Main problem in battery."
1,This is not fast and smooth laptop
1,Waste laptop no return option it is to bad
1,Battery life Max 1 to 1.5 hour
1,After receiving Laptop it stopped working. Getting BIOS error and stuck during use. Touchpad not working.
1,Overall very impressive but not in battery it only goes around 2 or 3 hours on normal uses
1,Not good very bad quality
1,"Applied for return back on the day of arrival.
Too much hanging while browsing, apps like WPS, Sheets not starting
Cromebook is ha ging too much on Day-1.
Also battery life not good as mentioned."
1,"Don't go for this product. Everything is very low quality. Also the service for this product is very poor from their sides. They are aggring this product sound is very low as compared to other brands but still refuse to take actions on this.
Worst product ever used."
1,It's been only three days. Charger not working.
1,I am not able to transfer files to my external hard disk. When I checked online lots of people were facing same issue and there is no solution for it. Please do not waste your money on this product .
1,"Not a laptop it's just mobile big screen.
No option to laptop nothing can work please
Go for laptop model totally I but another mobile.
Simply waste money."
1,"Plastic body
Body was a very bad"
1,"After 20 days of use , the laptop warranty is already registered before 3 month.
Overall performance of the laptop is not so good and please i strongly suggest you don't buy this laptop from flipkart they never solve your problem only thay say please wait for 24 hrs."
1,"Nice product but display quality is very very poor ,battery pickup best 4-5 hours"
1,"I have reviewed after use of one month, battery drain is too fast."
1,"Laptop is more heating copayer to other brand, and also become hung .
I m not happy for asus product"
1,No battery pack up waste of money 😔
1,"Don't go for it. Believe me you will regret it. I bought it for around 36k 3 weeks ago and now I'm facing many issues like sometimes when i turn it on, the sound doesn't work and i need to restart. Videos do not play smoothly and pause many times."
1,"It gets very hot and the battery backup is not good at all.
My leg start burning, it is so hot"
1,Worst of the HP
1,Worst company
1,"I bought this laptop in jan 2023 from Flipkart, and it's been a terrible experience. I'm writing this review after 9 months .The heating problem is so bad that I can't even touch the back panel of laptop when the charger is plugged in. The keyboard is of poor quality, making typing a frustrating task. On top of that, the battery life is abysmal, and charging is a constant struggle. I strongly recommend avoiding this laptop at all costs."
1,Display problem
1,Worst laptop ever...plz don't buy acer laptops try for another brand and buying from Flipkart was worst experience ever.they never value to the customer concern
1,"Laptop is hanging in small files look like very bad product and very bad experience keyboard is not working properly within the month
Totally a bad experience with acer"
1,Sound quality poor
1,Flipcart gives defectiveProduct is cheap Product is not working properly as they show on cover page it has backlight no backlight performance was bad
1,Bad display battery hot etc
1,Missing feature of backlit keyboard
1,Performance is not good
1,Laptop ok but display border not premium quality it's very low quality and remaining everything ok i purchase this laptop last 3 days back
1,Display Quality is Very Very Poor...
1,Not bad
1,Better buy 2nd hand 10th gen laptop
1,Battery charge time full 1.30 hour and battery drain use normal task 2hour discharge 10%
1,Battery is very bad 2
1,"Battery issue with the product, battery last max for 2 hours!!!!!!!!!!!
Where is your battery back up of 6 hours has gone, which is written in the decription!!

Where's that quality of laptops has gone, which was there before 10 years!!

Don't just run behind the profits! Give the customer proper value!

I have requested for replacement!"
1,Good but it's battery life is too poor . You can't use this laptop for more than 3 hours in spite of the full charge.
1,Very poor battery backup. At this price battery backup must be good.
1,The Flipkart is reducules and the Flipkart is very waste
1,This chromebook is not good and not supporting any of the application it's not as expected
1,Worst laptop don't buy.display start blinking after installing the laptop.
1,Not for heavy task
1,"Battery back up very low, it's not ips display, keyboard key is not proper good, sound is very very low."
1,Charger heat within 5 min of charging battery performance is so bad
1,Display and sound quality is very chip Display side negative view sound quality very low third quality sound
1,"EMI not processed in time
Also customer support is poor
Nil resolution
Product is average
With low build quality
Don't purchase please"
1,Processor issue
1,Lots of hang worst performance ever battery backup is also poor wastage of 43000🥹🥹 Don't go for it
1,Laptop is good but delivery service is bad the product is not deliver in time
1,Performance is very low don't buy this laptop
1,"SUPER HEAVY, Seems some fraud the warranty is left with 8 months, bought few days back .
Free MS office not there...fraud ...they ask for money"
1,It is not charging
1,"Getting laptop screen crashing issue on new laptop, and white light spilling on screen corners."
1,"Worst battery backup
Worst speed
Worst screen
Very bad experience"
1,Laptop ok but flipkart service is very worst
1,Battery problem any time
1,This is worst product from asus and may be asus is worst. In 2 year my laptop has been dead 3 times. Biggest mistake of my life.
1,Waste off money😌😪
1,The touchpad is not working. The driver is not getting installed
1,Battery backup issues 😭😭.
1,Battery backup only 1 hours and fully laptop charged in 1.5 hour to 2. Too much heat on basic task browsing only. And connection problem with my wifi. cooling Fan too much loud. Many more reason. Colourful totally waste of money
1,"Overheating Issue, Don't Buy..."
1,"It has a major issue of wifi card.Not connect to wifi quickly also the net speed has drastically decreased when connected to the wifi.
In many asus tuf laptops it has a defective wifi card. This one reason is enough to avoid it."
1,"Died on the 3rd day using the laptop, it was only 10 days old. Never ever buying electronics online, it was my first laptop.
Whoever the seller is you'll face karma."
1,This is a very bad product. It is not working just after 1 week.
1,Terrible 😔
1,"Very basic design, average performance and very poor battery backup. Claiming 7-8 hours but actually give only 1.5hours no resolution by Flipkart. Very poor quality of the product and service"
1,"Very bad battery backup , you giving 67000 but very bad battery, sometimes laging problem is there also heating issue 😕"
1,Ms office not installed. Worst experience. Many other laptops have pre installed ms office but this don't have
1,"Disappointed with the product ,
It stopped working and won't turn on after just two days of purchase."
1,"Product is Good ... Flipkart Cheeting as, providing No CostEMI on Pay Later. But after order placed 24 % collecting .
Ther lot of controversy... Flipkart not giving clarity"
1,"Laptop was good in terms of performance, battery, and all. But only for 14 days. 15 th day displayed boot device not found error"
1,"It is not a ips display
Not a 1080 quality
Werest product
Charge is also not compatible"
1,Product quality is very poor damaged product and battery draining very fast. Asus laptop is very low quality.
1,"Waste of money to buy product from flipkart,horrible experience,new laptop didn't run"
1,Not good
1,Battery backup very bad for gaming 100 to 0 just 50 minutes
1,"After use 5 days
Battery is bakwas.
Display is medium.
Sound quality is poor.
Go for another."
1,"Don't buy that laptop by mistake. Because battery backup is very very poor. It's around 1 hr 30 min
Don't go for it. You will not get support from Flipkart also."
1,Battery issue is serious.. Product look is good.. Performance still not checked
1,Don't buy and waste money
1,Not even a single function working properly
1,Mouse pad was working automatically not required human touch
1,Please don't purchase it ... After one month tuch pad is not working properly... Worst product
1,I face a problem after the second day of buying
1,Display is not good and battery backup is bad
1,Product has no quality. The keyboard got damaged even with minimal use.
1,I love this hp laptop
1,"Writing this review after uses of 7 months
Facing death screen error suddenly there is no support from hp whoever trying buy this laptop online just be sure they will not provide support
Hp support says we don't have policy to provide free support 😕
Don't buy don't buy"
1,Laptop is so much hit after use only 5min
1,Very poor
1,Sound is very low
1,Good laptop...but display is bad because LCD backlight display
1,very bad performance
1,"The touch sensor is not working properly, very bad experience with asus."
1,"In four month of use One dead pixels found in my laptop screen worst purchase
Don't but this laptop"
1,Over heating worsted products
1,Too much issues of frequent wifi disconnection that too in a brand new laptop. Be aware to buy this model
1,Very poor powerbackup. Work is very slow
1,Mother board gives trouble
1,One of the major issues for this laptop is battery backup and it comes with 16A charging pin and you won't find 16A pin everywhere therefore you will need 6A to 16A converter which is not recommended.
1,No screen guard provided and in market there is no 16 inch guard available i am searching From many times this laptop is over 90k and they are not applying and screen guard on screen very poor experience atleast provide screen protector for screen.
1,Not good motherboard dies just after warranty
1,Nice Product but Windows not use
1,Poor product. Very bad quality. Return response very worst. Money and time waste.
1,"Don't purchase laptop from flipkart. They just don't care whatever happens later. I bought this laptop for friend. He received it with no battery, processor, ram and rom. When we placed replacement the delivery company needs working laptop from us. After so much of struggle they have rejected replacement of the product. Now my friend roaming around consumer court for justice. I'm a regular flipkart customer suggest u don't purchase laptop from flipkart. He has taken video while unboxing."
1,"I have received a used product. Post receipt of the product I raised for registration of the warranty and when I raised the same, it came to my notice that the product has already been registered since March 2024. I have lost 3 months of my warranty."
1,"After the 3 days of use, and I have to say that I'm quite disappointed with the overall quality and performance of the product. The laptop has several issues that make it difficult to use effectively.

Hardware Problems: The laptop frequently freezes and crashes, making it nearly impossible to get any work done. I've tried troubleshooting, but the issues persist.

Slow Performance: The laptop is painfully slow, even for basic tasks like web browsing and word processing. It takes an unusually ...
READ MORE"
1,Flickering and lines
1,Display is smaller than description
1,Laptop is very overheating and charging point connect disconnect auto don't work proper cheap quality laptop don't buy 😕 I am not satisfy buy this laptop because my laptop battery not work properly and overheating very overheating
1,"Never ever buy this laptop.

Sharing review after 1 week of use, and 1 time Windows reinstall, 3-4 time calls with customer care.

Negatives:
1. Heating issues after using for minimal work for 1 hour.
2. Laptop lagging for basic work.
3. Worst and no technical knowledge of the technical customer support team.
- The guy at the customer service told that this laptop doesn't support Windows 10 and I can run only windows 11 when I asked the device drivers for win10. When I asked for Win11 drive...
READ MORE"
1,"The worst laptop, I have ever used.
The keypad is very small, the down arrow key came out after just a month.
The keys are also very small compared to the normal laptops.
Therefore you can not use it for longer durations as your shoulders would pain later.
Battery back is not as mentioned.
The battery heats up to 45 degrees, I have made a video for this.
You can not keep it on your lap, as it heats too much.
16 GB RAM?
It hangs a lot, it hangs even when I need to start it.
Before putting the ...
READ MORE"
1,Very poor battery and charges very slow. Very slow processing. Not good laptop even for basic things
1,"Automatically rebooting in the middle of work..
Checked in Google many are facing same issue with Acer laptops"
1,Too expensive
1,"Too much worst, only 15 days life, failer mathor hoard"
1,Screen bleeding
1,Battary backup not good
1,Don't expect much quality at this price. I got the product 4 days back. Now it have a small dot on display
1,No windows it's just like another mobile
1,Very very bad
1,No delete option and capslock option very bad don't buy this product
1,Verry bad quality not working properly and don't have return policy
1,"The display quality and build in quality is Very very low. Please don't buy this product. The saddest thing is not being able to return, only option for replace.
They mentioned it is core i5, but it seems that it is core i3."
1,Battery backup very bad
1,Windows not activated.Showing Hardware in device changed
1,Defect fault overheat sound not clarity
1,not as an expected
1,The charger broke down within 2 days
1,"Worst display at this price point easily washed away colors .ever other 14 inch hp laptop have better display than this.
Plus ram is not upgradable its is soldered so you are stuck with 8GB"
1,"One of the worst products I've ever bought is a lAnd you can't return it because they know this is pathetic and every one will return it. Lagging lagging and lagging, web cam not working, you can't do a zoom call in it.. not even good for doing excel. Asked for replacement taking ages for the same as they are very slow in there response as well just like there laptop"
1,Don't buy this product it's performance is very low
1,"Don't buy, worth of money and battery backup is nothing,I wasted my money to buy this product"
1,Don't buy it.
1,Screen touch not
1,Product is worst and service assistance is also worst. Very terrible experience with the product and the seller. Not at all recommended.
1,no keybord light bad laptop
1,I got this product before month now it's not working properly and this laptop completed wrost product waste of money
1,"Useless laptop. Always has issues with wifi connection, bluetooth connection, hangs. Complete waste of money."
1,Very bed product
1,"Laptop are available in the box
Only full of newspapers and In central a big stone are placed"
1,Worst sound quality very bad
1,"Very bed product.
West of money.
Only use for Children Games plays.
Pls not buy this product(laptop)."
1,Please don't buy this...the operating system is chrome which doesn't support any Microsoft applications...just a laptop with functions of a basic phone...waste of money
1,"Waste products
I am satisfied this product and Flipkart not return this product"
1,This laptop is very bad and is worth
1,Third class product
1,This product is very rubbish 😡😞😞
1,"Guys! Please do not buy this just that, it will irritate you and frustrate you, on a level where you'll break it, so please don't waste your money 🙏🙏"
1,"1. Whenever you will plug in and out the charger, the screen turns black for 5 to 10 seconds
2. Whenever you turn on the laptop it boots up in 30-40 seconds which is ok, but when you will lock the screen with win+L it takes 10-15 seconds to lock the screen.
3. I thought these issues will get resolved after the update but it didn't happen.
4. I installed Asphalt 8 and it was not running smoothly as it should have been, as the specs are i7 12th gen 12650H having 16 GB RAM , 1 TB SSD with 4 GB g...
READ MORE"
1,Nice 👍 product I love it 🧡
1,Performance is very poor. Audio quality is very poor.
1,Battery not charging
1,"You can't change/Upgrade RAM. It is shouldered to the motherboard.
No slot for adding another NVME/ Hard Disk.
Seriously Disaapointed."
1,Not at all good product
1,It's a worst product which I buy from Flipkart I don't recommend this product battery backup is low and become too heat within 10m
1,Display completely dead
1,"This review is only for flipkart bad service and flipkart poor connection with hp , if you want to return you can never , they scam you with so called technician visit,and that technician will never visit, don't buy any electronic things from Flipkart #banflipkart"
1,I do not recommend this laptop. Only 4 se 5 days the laptop is hanging and too slow. Only show razen 5 but work as a less than i3. Service centre is not help according customer.
1,"Exercise caution when purchasing this laptop, and refrain from relying on reviews, as they encompass not only this model but others as well. I ordered the Lenovo IdeaPad Slim1 with Ryzen 5 Hexa Core 5500U, 8 GB RAM, 512 GB SSD, and Windows 11 Home (15ACL6 | 15ACL7 Thin and Light Laptop), but I received a slightly different model: Ideapad 1 15ALC7. Similar issues occurred during my refund process, which took over 40 days despite numerous calls and grievance complaints."
1,"Poor quality
Money waste
Bill problem"
1,All features are good but after 2-3 month it's overheating
1,Waste of money... Don't buy
1,Review after 1 month use. Very Bad laptop it keep getting stuck again and again. Waste of money. Don't buy it.
1,Battery is very poor condition
1,Performance is too bad
1,Hanging issues.speakers make noise. Manufacturing defects.
1,Very bad system
1,"Performance slow
Hitting problem
Camara quality very very poor Jio phone camera is better than this .
___________________
Only Display quality good 👍"
1,Product condition very poor... speaker volume is very poor.... total waste of money
1,Really too bad experience in this price Configuration wise very good but the performance is too bad. I faced too much lacking and battery performance also average. its only for basic use not for professionals.
1,Not useful at all. Waste of money
1,Product stopped accepting charging and now is spoilt after just 7 days of purchase
1,"Laptop heating within 5 mins. Also fan sound is too loud. Totally waste of money. Don't buy this laptop.
After just installing one software laptop getting hanged on the first day only."
1,light in Keyboard not available. Don't buy this laptop
1,Very high heat of the battery
1,Display does not work with a bad product
1,Heating so faster just in 5 minutes
1,"Keyboard is not working , don't go for Dell . Very bad , I'm very disappointed 👎"
1,Hanging problem ispeker sound qulati veri bad
1,Screen flickering within 5 days of that i bought this product
1,Heating problem
1,Never but this CHUWI laptop.... It will have charging issue within five months
1,Worst product not working properly lake in minute minute. Don't buy it
1,Very bad experience
1,Not worth the money. Over heating
1,Audio driver problem
1,Never buy any thing in Flipkart
1,"Very poor quality.
Waste of money.
Looks like kids laptop"
1,"Very bad support from Flipkart and supplier, received laptop from Flipkart, performance of laptop was bad , informed Flipkart for return , they delayed one month, now no return policy . Very.bad very bad do not take laptop from.them, carefully"
1,"If you want to buy a laptop then? Do not buy this laptop at all. It is a very bad laptop. As soon as you open its box and start it, you will start seeing its badness. A simple app which is already installed in this laptop like settings takes at least 5 to 10 minutes. After starting it, you will have to wait for 5 minutes to enter your password. And be careful of their return policy, they neither return nor replace. This laptop is so bad that you can be happy only by using a mobile worth Rs. 5...
READ MORE"
1,"Only wifi based laptops..
Children laptops..
Not buy this laptop. Design ok..
Loss you'r time."
1,It Uses trial version of ms office. Display quality is not UP to the mark.
1,Not satisfied
1,"Stopped working after 10 days. I shut it down an hour ago. When I opened it again, neither it is charging nor it is Turning on."
1,It switched off and is not working anymore
1,Not value for money
1,"I have been used it from last 12 days and I experienced that laptop screen got freezed some times , camera did not respond quickly, Battery backup is also not more than 4-5 hours"
1,Sound quality poor... Audio vibrate.
1,Not good performance waste of money
1,"Literally stopped working for no reason. Won't turn on no matter what. Trying to return, but it says I can't return since it was inspected during delivery. Not even sir what I'm aroused to do with this now!"
1,Full bad
1,Not working right now after 2months
1,Quality is not good ..camera quality and sound quality and touch pad is not consistent
1,"bad quality display
Don't buy this product 😔"
1,Poor
1,Waste of money. I wonder why companies like HP make this kind cheap products
1,Screen issu
1,"These used laptops are repacked and sold. I purchased this laptop on 15th August and if I checked the warranty on Lenovo's website it started from 31st May.

And while starting, the laptop always goes into automatically recovery mode"
1,After 7 days screen Fully black.
1,Bad product and poor performance
1,My laptop was been hanged problem issue
1,"Worst product.
Video display not good.
Sound also not good.
Not satisfied this product.
Very much disappointed.
Waste of money.
I hated this product.
Worst experience."
1,worst product
1,"I bought It from Flipkart and after 3 or 4 days while watching a movie
it get turn off and after that it didn't turn on since now it's not working"
1,I don't recommend buying this laptop facing heat issue and the laptop body is very cheap quality plastic
1,Fully wrost product and after delivery filpkart was didn't return back this product don't buy it
1,Cheep quality
1,Worst product ever!
1,"Suggested to all not to buy this product, it's too small and screen resolution is also terrible 😖.
Exchange old device is also a trapped, add some more money and go for HP or Lenovo."
1,Speaker not working
1,Bad pro
1,Not working kay and mouse
1,"Keypad, touchpad.. Not satisfied"
1,"Can not pass activation Screen as Wifi not working . also Built is very Bad. Dont Buy this Laptop all reviews are wrong

No support from Flipkart, Brand Contact Details Provided By Flipkart is Wrong"
1,"Worst chromebook only hype , never recommended , you can do nothing , only can do browsing and some edit documents with pre install apps , don't buy,better buy laptop then this"
1,This laptop is very poor Flipkart customer service is very poor
1,So bad product not work in this laptop
1,Waste product
1,Very bad 😞😔 no access for leptop display in not Hd
1,"This product was not good and also this product maus pad is not working don't purchase anyone
This product is very poor product and also this product some parts also not working this is very poor product and also it's not Velu for many."
1,Laging and heating issue
1,This price okay but display very poor
1,Very difficult to use Google sheet and Microsoft Excel is not supported
1,Keyboard some keys are not working very bad product don't buy this company laptop
1,Sound quality is not good
1,Battery backup is very low fully charged it got discharged with in 3hrs
1,"Don't buy this Slim1 laptop, it has horrible screen, battery backup is so bad😤 also it doesn't have backlit light in this price range this laptop really doesn't worth buying.. Just don't buy."
1,Value for money 💰
1,For the hp laptop i didn't aspects that the sound system could be this worst and the performance too it's bad
1,"very poor performance of this laptop, i3 is faster than this . Laptop started hanging after opening 6 tab in chrome Browser.Please don't buy this laptop. very poor multitasking performance"
1,"Think 100 times before buying this product.

Major issue seen by me, whenever I connect the laptop to my homewifi, the entire wifi goes down and none of the device work. Strange but true, tested multiple times and confirmed by ISP.

Second, once you purchase this product, you will never be able to return it. System ll show 'something went wrong try after some time' only for this product. Customer care won't help stating you ll have to return this via app only.

Pathetic experience this time, ...
READ MORE"
1,Display not good
1,It doesn't have a backlight keyboard so ge fooled by details provided by Flipkart.Otherwise the product is good and display is okay performance okayy . Battery drains fastly .
1,Don't buy this product after showing problem after 1 month
1,"You need to charge your battery for every 2 hours, drains so fast. It is good for multitasking activities.... Don't buy this product."
1,Within 6 months laptop having battery charging issue
1,Battery backup is too low. Only one hour.. not happy even single day. So much hang.. complete unsatisfied... Core i5 processor but too much slow. Not recommended... dnt buy . Go for HP only.
1,Not latest windows installation
1,Third clads
1,"Review after 2 Month
Please Don't Buy this product my chromebook is auto refreshing problem 😞 problem not solve after visiting the service center please don't bye"
1,I have lots depression buy this laptop take it back
1,"Don't buy this is not a laptop it's 🎩 top .
do not support the ms word android version also , then what you do , others all things you have your mobile phone, dont waste your money"
1,Total money losses not used in total mobile
1,"Don't buy online, I have faced many problems"
1,"Don't waste your money, not worth it for buying, Poor display quality and very poor sound quality and low battery backup not as mentioned in the website, no backlight in this model of slim 1 but with the same specifications with backlight in the slim 3 model. In the review there are some photos with other models not the same mentioned in the website. Worst experience from Flipkart."
1,"Super product
Thanks to Flipkart"
1,"Sound quality is poor, screen brightness is less, no keybord backlit, however its mentioned in description and most of reviews with screenshots for 15AC6/15ACL7 lenovo ideapad slim1 model. Built quality is also poor, its start bending if you hold laptop with oneside corner. So for me it's not good deal. Submitted return request. Let's See."
1,"keyboard backlit is not there and even brand promise the 2 years of warranty give only 1 year of warranty, go for SLIM 3 of this variant"
1,Worst laptop heating issue is there service centre guy saying it's normal heat you need to use like that
1,"Battery life is very worst,"
1,Defective product is delivered by Flipkart...... screen is black while keyboard is on after Start.....so bad experience I am facing with Flipkart.....So I recommend all of you not to buy any product from Flipkart please avoid purchase any goods from the Flipkart platform ......
1,This product is not good I ordered it then it came out bad
1,Too heavy. Performance not good
1,"Bad quality laptop. Laptop body quality very bad.
Total money lost product"
1,Very disappointed not buying
1,Battery backup is too bad 😔😔😔.
1,Camera is not working
1,Don't buy
1,Screen bleeding issue in display it's pathetic getting this worst quality display on this price segment.
1,didnt get the accidental damage protection as mentioned in the listing as well as invoice. flipkart customer service team is worse in handling these issues and will simply ask you to call again and again like we are sitting here just for them.
1,Battery works for only 1 or 2 hours max. DO NOT BUY
1,Product not good
1,I'm working suddenly screen is dark 🌑 don't buy this product keyboard mouse not working properly
1,"Everything else is ok but the seller has stated that this laptop has 'Intel IRIS XE Graphics' while it actually has Intel UHD graphics, I've checked it thoroughly, this laptop's ram is 4217 MT/s not 4217 MHz
1 MHz = 2 MT/s, therefore this laptop's LPDDR4X ram has approximately 2109 MHz only"
1,Only 2 month use laptop not working mother board fail and also yet not given service at the time don't buy online purchase ofline because when we purchase in store and after any fault we can fight the store keeper.
1,Battery quality is very poor 😢
1,Bery bad
1,poor product quality no display work
1,does not work for more than 25 days..
1,"I would have given a negative points if it was possible, everything is lagging in the new piece, sound, video, general low usage even, heating up like crazy, never expected this from Acer, doesn't switch on unless connected to charger, battery draining within less than an hour in one day old laptop"
1,This laptop for not for working only for you bye movie watching main Excel sheet not open and you can work only 2 days in excel sheet after is excel sheet did not open any worker you complaint any customer care will be not supporting you this issue.
1,"Battery backup is too poor, build quality is worse
My headphone jack is not working properly"
1,Please don't buy it's my kind request may it's cheep but not good working waste of money wife bluetooth not working sound problem also my money totally waste 😭
1,Worst bro after using 2days one side speaker was not working properly
1,Display is bad
1,Don't but if use Word or Execell more
1,Not having all apps
1,So bad
1,"good product concept with very poor support . product is faulty, asus delays to provide support, even after repair new problem arises. asus not providing good support either.
... product could be made lot better as well. there are still many places to improve... also a dock should have been provided, like meta quest provided min necessary accesories."
1,"Over heating! very disappointing dont buy guys save your money by puchasing other one, honest review please don't go and suffer!"
1,Don't buy mistake. Very disappointed 😞
1,Worst ever product . Return policy is not favourable to customer... Faulty and Malfunctioning product .. Recommend to not buy
1,"Please don't waste your money in this stuff other wise you will suffer
I have got it today and it got stuck for 11hrs
Until now I'm trying to overcome this burden
You can just imagine how a middle class boy adjusted to buy this.
The god will ask the seller and he will surely see the worse things in this very world.
Hate this laptop
If you wanna buy then buy some other but please avoid it..."
1,After 20 days completely dead
1,Not working good condition
1,"Had to change mother board within 15 day ,don't by any person"
1,Product is defective and very cheap quality. starting problem on 1st day only. Don't buy.
1,"Design,size ok and weight is very low but battery performance is very poor because it was draining after plugged in by charger. Remaining camera and battery all approx ok but these two things are so much bad in it"
1,Worst product I received don't buy this product try other i5 product or i7
1,"Wifi and Bluetooth not working but mentioned in product specifications.
Display quality much poor..."
1,"Battery is performance is less than 2hrs on purchase day...may be after usage it will 1hr. But in specifications they mentioned 4hrs

Negatives :
Battery 1/5 -very poor less than 2hrs
Speaker 2/5 -low quality
Remaining everything is not bad"
1,Battery Backup is Very Poor. Also heating issue
1,Worst laptop for the money we have spent don't buy this waste peace
1,After uses of two month high fluctuations in laptop screen and some time screen not on.
1,"Waste laptop company india, not performance wasted laptop no lights please don't purshed these laptop"
1,I'm never going to buy products from flipkart
1,Battery performance is very poor
1,Please don't buy and don't waste your money . You can get better laptop at this price. Asus or better brand.
1,Don't by the Flipkart it's west of time chip products low quality products
1,"Not worth the money and below are the reasons

1. Speaker is at the backside of keyboard so when you play music the laptop vibrates.

2. Display fittings were not upto the mark.

3. Heat exhaust is releasing from the upper side of keyboard which means the screen can also get impacted by heat.

4. Camera quality is too bad. Not as per expectations.

5. Dell should work on build quality.

6. Laptop charger is not type c instead it is still like old school round in shape.

7. Different variatio...
READ MORE"
1,Battery's performance is not good
1,Lag problems mostly happens while gaming
1,I'm giving one star just for the battery performance. I purchased it 7 days back I charged it 100% and shut it down but when I wake up in the morning nd saw open my laptop the battery was 50% without using anything and now I have to connect the charger while using laptop. Battery is running only 1 to 1.5 hrs not more than that. I think manufacturers should focus on the battery.
1,"Bhai it is terrible each time it stopped working become hang when I switched on it.
What I can do can anyone say
They are not taking return though there have return date"
1,Not good but average
1,Poor boild quality and product is tampered
1,"The laptop is fine but its display looks negative, not HD."
1,"I don't buy
Backlight keyword Not Available But Showing In Product Photo

Seller Not Return Or Replacement the product

I Loss My Money

Flipkart Not Valuable Company
Amazon Customer Support is Good

I am Using Flipkart since 2016"
1,"Display problem - screen bleeding
And low performance battery."
1,Display quality is not good.very bad quality very upset to take
1,Not happy with the performance
1,"Laptop and performance is good, Only Speaker problem and sound quality is poor and worst lenova online support"
1,"Very very worst product..The newly bought laptop having so much problem.I cant do anything and problem again again happening like keyboard,touchpad , display"
1,This is useless laptop don't buy this laptop battery 🔋 drain fast 1/2 hours backup performance is very low. Display quality is low
1,"Worst product ever.
Too many hanging issue and lagging issue. in just 5 days and they don't have any service for it.
Don't buy this Waste of money."
1,Bad product
1,Very bad it's money west
1,Waste of money..... Dont purchased...
1,Waste
1,very cheap quality and heating
1,Item didn't turn on after windows update
1,Volume of sound is too low...
1,"Written. 5/0
I ordered Chromebook but it's just a Android phone with a keyboard and big screen. According to me it's not worth it! Poor product and money waste.
This is totally vah yad product"
1,Product not properly working and bad quality not proper this is iteam....
1,Check video very bad to perform excel. Light on off screen
1,3rd class product. I'm facing blue screen problem. How can I solve it?????
1,Don't purchase waste of money
1,Totally West of money so slow 🦥 work
1,Not good getting in just 5 min vry bad
1,"Worthless,
Too much heating issue"
1,Over heating issue bit no support from HP
1,After one year the charger was not working. System also very very slow. Looks like processor is very slow
1,Processor is so week
1,"Everything is fine but Flipkart support system or respect for the customer is zero
No one is here to help customers
Customer service representative are popet
Doesn't resolve even a minor problem for months
I hate this platform and never use in future"
1,I got a new laptop 5 days ago and it is still hanging.
1,After one month volume
1,"I am writing this review after using it for 1 month.
firstly I faced software issue bitlocker recovery key and then faced hardware issue not starting the laptop.please don't buy this product. Worst experience from this dell laptop
Not expected this from the dell brand."
1,"Very worst experience from Flipkart in first time...

This laptop was producing more heating in just a turnon..in charging time I thought that it ll be blast..
Very slow process and hanging...
At the time of use which is produced high heat and suddenly screen struck and black screen..at that time u don't knw system was on r off...
Totally this configuration was not usefull even for school online classes also..

HP was gud brand bt this configuration was worst..

And Flipkart also not respondi...
READ MORE"
1,"NOT WORKING PROPERLY
Battery 🔋 HITTING LAPTOP"
1,Poor quality
1,Too much lagging and heating
1,Please don't buy from the seller triggertech . Warranty started 7 months before the purchase and they are refusing to replace . Hp care told that this seller is unauthorised so we can't extend your warranty. Wrost experience. Looking for consumer court now.
1,Bettry backup is not good and webcam quality is also worst. Heating problem in small task.
1,Money waste
1,Started facing camera issues within just 45 days of purchasing it. Better to avoid buying this laptop and save yourself from the frustration of dealing with their customer care.
1,charger is not working after a month
1,Don't buy this product. There are too much heating problems from the very first day of use. If you only join a google meet its heated too much. Very bad product.
1,Please don't buy this product qual
1,The fan is making too much noise and laptop heats up rapidly.
1,Worst display
1,Some problem
1,Battery very lowest and automatically over heating.sound quality poor
1,"I hate this laptop, the battery keep getting drained all my money got wasted. Please if you are reading this don't ever buy this laptop. Instead go for infinix one. But done ever go for ultimus."
1,I hated
1,"Battery condition not up to mark,discharge very quickly,Battery quality not good"
1,"Speaker are not good, display also not good. IT is like China product"
1,Hang problem
1,Very poor quality 👎👎
1,"Sound is very low. Camera quality is very bad, Touch pad is not working properly. No backlight keyboard. Don't buy this. You will not be able to return once purchased from Flipkart."
1,Bettry is not good
1,Within first month motherboard died 🤬
1,Bad
1,Overheating issue after 3-4 hour use
1,My laptop is in warranty and 2 numlock keys are not working don't buy an asus laptop go for hp and dell both are best laptops because i was using dell laptop since 2013 still it's working perfectly. Asus laptop is totally worse please i request don't buy asus laptops
1,"The OLED display on the ASUS Vivobook Go 15 is truly impressive with its vibrant colors and sharpness. However, the overall performance of the laptop is quite poor. It struggles with basic tasks, which makes it hard to recommend this model to anyone. ASUS really needs to work on improving the processor to match the quality of the display."
1,Dont waste your money on this. go for other model E15 5th gen worst quality. its build quality cheap. its quality reduced.
1,"I received the worst product from the seller and Flipkart. While I put this laptop on change it is giving shock.
Deeply unsatisfied with the Lenovo product."
1,The keypad of the laptop is not working properly.The keys are auto typed sometime which is a very bad experience for me.I recommend that you go to the store and check the laptop then buy it.
1,"Performance is fine.

Battery life is around 4h.

*Some random chinese company charger (65w) included in the package. (Not an original acer charger)

* The fan output is directly in front of the screen. It will definitely damage your screen in the future.

Sound quality and intensity both are average.

*Graphics is Intel integrated UHD graphics (Not Iris Xe).

*Sometimes wifi disconnected automatically. (Not for all networks).

*File copy/paste speed is extremely slow."
1,Battery backup is very bad
1,"After 2 months, my laptop shut down all of a sudden and now it's"
1,This laptop is overheating
1,I hated because 🤬 battery is very bad 😭 last 2 days I will charge but not full
1,Very bad laptop and the performance and Battery was not good
1,Ms office not provided... High Price bad response
1,"i bought this an Flipkart
but it is not working.. ssd are not available in laptop
Flipkart not even taking replacement.. worst experience in Flipkart.."
1,It has booting problem
1,"Berry bed and bakwas proudut
Also fllipcard also too much bakwas prouduct fllipcard service also very bad"
1,Please don't buy this product it is totally waste of money in only one month his mother broke 😭😭
1,"Very bad product quality, battery drain fast"
1,"The laptop hang after 2 minutes of using the laptop.
The worst."
1,Very bad product.Battery charging issue.Wifi issue. Replaced the motherboard within 4 months.This whole process is time consuming and took more than 20 days to complete. Customer support service is very bad.Its a Chinese product.Charger quality is also bad. Windows 11 activation process is also time consuming.Please don't purchase this laptop.Better options are available from other top class brands.Thanks.
1,Is to slow
1,Very poor processor and performance.They will say they have seven day return but don't return it. Total waste of money
1,Waste of ordering laptop not turning on no battery indicator even when plugged in just time waste and money waste
1,"Don't buy this laptop. I bought it recently but the software they installed is fake and even the Microsoft browser crash quiet often. It shows black screen and all we can do is to force shut down. The clock speed mentioned in their specification is fake its only 1.3 ghz. Its a total scam. Its a waste of money don't fall for their trap. If u leave the laptop unused for for few minutes iy will automatically shut down and when we put it in sleep it won't open normally we need to force shut down ...
READ MORE"
1,Very bad product don't buy anyone
1,Hang iss
1,Worst laptop ever. Too much heating issues. After a lot of heating issue laptop shut down immediately.
1,"Heating problem, battery backup not good , many times suddenly off"
1,"Please do not buy it, bad performance battery backup also poor ."
1,"National Voter service portal
No properly working
Be carefully order
And anything software and apps is okay
Mantra anything finger device no installing
This is laptop voice version is nice but problem is here up down"
1,I hate The product
1,Bed Chromebook
1,"A very pathetic, unsupportive to user at any time"
1,"very bad product ,not working ,supplyer not return her product"
1,Cash very loss I need laptop not working very Danger products
1,Don't buy this 😧 use less product simple waste of money
1,"automatically power off
shut down when the battery under 30-40 percent without any warning"
1,Worst... price looks lucrative but product is very bad.. poor battery poor touch pad poor performance ..
1,Heating issue and not performing according to specification mentioned.
1,"I am extremely disappointed with the build quality of this laptop. I purchased it just three months ago, and already the hinges have broken. This is a major flaw, as it affects the usability of the laptop, and I expected much better durability for the price. I would not recommend this product to anyone based on my experience."
1,Execel is not open really I can't satisfied 😕
1,This product is very bad
1,hang many time
1,Useless
1,"I don't like this product,, it's not support for any apps,,"
1,Very Bad Product. It hangs frequently.
1,"Touch pad not working 😔 very bad product..
Don't west money 😞"
1,Worst product
1,"Worst product don't buy, very slow processing and waste product"
1,Good but battery duration is for very less time
1,"This is like mobile phone system it,s not good"
1,Very substandard product. It gets hanged up repeatedly and my son who was supposed to have used it for his online classes has not been able to use it for a single class. Humble advise not to buy this product.
1,Very bad
1,I used only 1 year 2 month laptop mother board damaged now not working
1,bulid quality was floop battery backup also
1,"Very bad product
Heating within 5 mint
Suddenly shutdown"
1,"Design is very careless. USB ports are given such a way that you can't use both the port together. There is only one C type port.
Screen display resolution is poor. No fingerprints, face recognition security available. No CD drive, No option of battery replacement."
1,Very very proud poor
1,I have faced inches issue with in 15 days
1,"Display is faulty,getting an yellow color on the top of the screen"
1,"Please don't buy anyone,,, facing ips glow after 2days of purchase"
1,Not buy this product 😞😞
1,"Heating issue. Laptop heats up within 5 minutes.
Display is not so good you can't watch movie from side. Performance is overally good. Battery is overally good.
From my personal opinion only disadvantage of this laptop is heating issue and slightly low display quality."
1,Battery performance is not goo
1,Not good battery backup only 1 to 2 Hours 🤬🤬🤬
1,Not buy
1,"worst product
worst customer care service
don't buy it"
1,Experience very poor battery backup of 2hr
1,"Wrong information, High Rate of interest, wrong discount, wrong tenure.. All mismatch with flipkart offer..."
1,"Graphic card doesn't hold. Laptop hangs. Within 10 days, this is how the laptop has been performing."
1,The Laptop Was Not Working Properly And Games Like Valorant Was Lagging And Not Working Good As I
1,Very bad experience the laptop didn't work after 1 day it did not start and was not charging also
1,"Asus company are froud, thay are not poper response, if castomar problem, they don't send right person to solved it, asus company total care less, my laptop jast 10 days battery backup is to low , and display is to chip and USB ports are. To hard , my one pen drive is broken through it , I am return request but they are rejected. So don't bye asus laptops"
1,"This laptop I received is out of warranty in website.
Bad quality."
1,"The chromebook hangs and pixelate a lot while using many applications like sheets, files etc very disappointed by lenovo brand"
1,"My advice is to avoid the product, small size, low speed and defective screen"
1,"Excel not work, very slow speed"
1,Poor performance
1,this laptop was not accept return request so no one don't buy this laptop.i am suggret to you alll
1,Dont take any product in flipkart
1,"Very poor products don't buy it
After 10 moose is not working"
1,This is porduct not support to ms office and just like kids tap please dont buy and very bad 👎 experience west of money please don't buy brother and sister
1,Verry slow working dont buy this products
1,Bakwass product
1,Automatically off hanging problem touchpad not working 😭😭
1,Bad experience because my product is not working all ready complaints regarding but not correct answer and not return not helpful this is not good my product is not good working 😭😭😭😭😭
1,"Camera is very bad, its not clear. Battery backup is very bad, sometimes battery can drain out in 1 hour in normal office work.
Screen is ok, performance is ok"
1,"After 4 days of my purchase, its showing flickering issue while playing games and videos. After 7 days home button was not working"
1,"Do not buy this product, material quality is very cheap and sound is worst"
1,A line appeared on the display after a month.
1,New but not working and hang and lag very poorly work Flipkart not supported
1,Charger stopped working under 1 month
1,If u r a gamer plz dont buy this laptop coz its not optimised. U wont get enough fps with this spec trust me . I will sell this laptop soo as possible
1,Not happy by this order
1,Writing a review after two months of use and the laptop has stopped working now it's not booting up and trying to get assistance from Asus still not helping the worst service please don't make the mistake of buying the laptop
1,Sometimes while using just stop responding!!! Keys stop working suddenly get paused worthless
1,Terrible product. Don't waste your money.
1,"I took a laptop from flipcrt, the laptop is hanging a lot, and the battery does not last even 30 minutes, I am continuously telling my problem to flipcrt but I am not getting help, flipcart is now doing fraud with the user, Plz don't do any shopping. Wake up India, wake up and drive away FlipCRT from India."
1,"Genuine reviews. Don't buy this laptop. It has an aluminium body which is easily damaged and when you go to service center for any repairs they simply say that it's damaged and we can't cover it in warranty and you have to pay for it. I'm regretting it after buying this laptop. Please don't make this mistake.
Customer service is the worst.
Don't expect customer service after buying it. I have simple scratch on the body and they are saying that sorry we can't accept it as it's damaged and it's...
READ MORE"
1,"Poor sound quality, C TYPE not working, average battery performance, camera is average, build quality is average, i lost interest in it within few days and now I'm not using it regularly... !"
1,Most worst product I have ever seen. After 2 days of uses the product is totally dead 💀.
1,It is not working properly. It suddenly shuts down and then the display disappears.
1,Worst performance
1,It is useless product because I found one of the it's speaker is not working and I called on service center number but no picked up the call. Company's service is very very bad so please don't buy the worst product.
1,Don't buy. They will send you defective products. Both Flipkart and Chuwi will make up some bogus policy and tell you they can't do anything about it. Buy from Reputable companies only.
1,Very bad product..
1,Its waste of money. Suddenly switch of the laptop but wont start again. Customer service not responding at all. Taking longer time to respond.
1,Product is bad battery backup is low only 90minites
1,Not good this leptop
1,It was a defective product nd performance is too slow
1,"I am fully unhappy with this product, waste of money, don't buy any one"
1,Don't buy this laptop it doesn't work until window is get installed which charge more money and seller is neither helpful nor understand how valuable your money is.
1,"Very poor Quality , After 3 month use it is not work properly . Machine stop work . Don't Buy this . Totally waste of money ."
1,No bad
1,"Please Don't buy this product scam battery backup only 1 hour and no return policy by flipkart
Save your money"
1,After using it for 2 days some error is coming in it and laptop is not starting. And is restarting over and over again.
1,"Worst experience
System crashes
Touchpad sometime not working
Same for keyboard also
We have to press power button for longer time than usual or press it using power then system opens."
1,Iam disappointed.
1,Don't buy these fraud and worst product
1,"Screen sometimes stop responding. If I pause a video and later try to play that, the screen doesn't respond. Hardware issue or software issue, I don't know.
If I'm spending 51k on a pc it is not supposed to run like this"
1,"Waste of money, laptop did not turn on"
1,Guys If you are someone who has to prioritise battery then pls don't buy it It's a waste of money and speakers isn't good too!
1,Worst battery
1,"I bought it after seeing the 4+ rating and overall specs of the pc and all the good reviews. But after using it I saw that it heats up very fast... A little typing work and it begins heating up from the space bar and the battery drains very fast. It doesn't even take one hour to go from 100% to 50. Also while charging some electric field is generated or what... The pc gives a mild shock when touched. The touch pad lags frequently and as a student I find it very difficult to work with. You see...
READ MORE"
1,"Here is using Ethernet Port ( older devices), this is gaming laptop, Acer Company is not using Modern technology, using older technology. Here is 100MBPS ethernet port. It should be 1gbps. I will not suggest it."
1,"Wrost experience, i am using since last 2 months , it is lagging in small tasks and work on the ms excel , Please don't buy"
1,"Everything is smooth. But if you face any problems, both flipkart and Asus may deny to help you to fix that issue although it is under warranty. It is better avoid this product.
Issues I faced and did not get resolution as below:
1. Laptop freezes very often . Only option is to hard power off.
2. Wifi internet gets disconnected frequently and it impacts the wifi router as well.

I raised ticket with both flipkart and Asus , but both of them couldn't help. Waste of warranty. Better you go fo...
READ MORE"
1,"Delivered in a condition of - Not starting and not charging, so unable to use the laptop. Very frustrating experience."
1,Using 2 monts very low booting. Starting window task bar not disply very low 30 second after display.
1,"Within one month laptop broken💔 not good
144hz is not working properly
Other company laptop is good then this one
Don't go for this asus laptop"
1,The worst product of laptop I see ever
1,"First i was little worried about the warranty process.. because when i enquired about this laptop on a shop,they told me that u wont get any warrnty if u buy it in flipkart..so.i contacted the aus service center and they told me to go for it..
Design wise it is very good..have a large screen than other laptops thats pretty good..its a little heavier.and also have good battery backup..rgb keyboard is also stylish..i have no doubt in processor performance cuz its AMD..
I mainly brought it for a...
READ MORE"
1,"Worse laptop, very slow and buggy"
1,I tried to run this laptop quite a times but it gives different type of problems every single time
1,Just bought this product yesterday and the screen start hanging and turning black while logging into the laptop. One of the worst laptop I have seen till now. Plus the delivery time taken to deliver me this laptop was too long.
1,After using 2 days keyboard not working don't buy any parso this product
1,Heating issues fan overspeeding bad experience
1,Don't expect this kind of product from Dell . Completely disappointed...from onwards I will not recommend Dell laptop to anyone...
1,Battery Backup only 1 Hours to 1:30 Hours
1,Sound is very poor
1,Not charging properly and sound is totally waste it's very low when we play any movie or music.i bought 1month before only now am having charging issues very worst waste my money in this up victus
1,Sound speakers are tooo low even can't ear.... Must need earbuds...
1,Battery performance is low max 2 -3 hrs run time in normal use
1,"Very cheap quality of product
After one week of it started hanging
Working very slow"
1,Battery performance very low.
1,"Dont buy this laptop as HP selljng dead laptop online and zero after sales service ,i reaceived dead Laptop , its been 25 days chasing flipkart and HP customer care but no response , i feel my money wasted"
1,Screen went blank (dark) within 2 weeks of usage
1,I'm not happy on purchase to the loptop
1,"Battery doesn't last at all. But before i could realise battery has an issue, return period is over 6 days after delivery. So now I'm stuck with a 90k laptop with no battery life."
1,"My suggestion is plz avoid buying this laptop because flip of this laptops will not go more than 120 degree, which creates difficulties while sitting in different position and different body height of user."
1,"Battery issues are the worst, also at this price, we expect good battery backup."
1,"Very good purchase......value for money Laptop. Laptop is fast, lite weight.....must purchase laptop"
1,Very very bad Flipkart and Flipkart product
1,Very wors
1,"1.Heating issue.
2.Current leakage, current can be felt all over the laptop during charging."
1,Keyboard is not working hanging problem
1,Product is not upto the mark. Often restarts itself. After pressing power button multiple times laptop starts. Even when battery is charged system restarts only after plugin in laptop. Keys are also not very good. Sound is very is low. Important think is clock speed of the CPU is merely approx 2GHz.
1,Just for movie watch.... Not for gameing
1,Not good aptop
1,Very bad product.Never buy this product.The laptop automatically shutdown.
1,"Please dont order through Flopkart(Flipkart) they will cheat you by sending poor quality product and will try polish your brain that please contact customer care. totally i fedup with this.

I have ordered this for emergency work. when i receive it it didnot work. When i contacted customer care they are saying please wait for 1 week then saying that please contact acer customer care.
Even acer customer care not responding many my calls.
They are cheating..

Note that Flopkart not flipkart"
1,Don't buy this laptop its battery backup is less than 1 hour.
1,i7 processor is available but the working speed is not as per i7 processor
1,Worst Laptop ever Black display Not working Under warranty worst
1,All Good.But We Are Not Upgrade Ram Memory. Don't Buy
1,"I use this laptop form 2 months, and I'm totally disappointed by this, today when I try to power on this laptop this is not turn on, i don't know what is the problem and why this in not turn on, i press the power button again and again but it's not turn on, i will try everything I put the charging pin but this is not open, so tomorrow I will take it to the sever centre, i request you every one , don't but this ...🙏"
1,"Buildup quality very bad.
It fells very cheap laptop. Hinges are very delicate don't go for this. Please don't go for this."
1,I didn't get access to Microsoft office
1,Poor product
1,"I have worked more then 15 systems, worst experience with display, not able to watch 30 min regularly on jt"
1,Worst laptop ever with the worst processor within it's heating a lot after 3 months getting burned smell from laptop
1,Very very Bad Laptop 😡🤬 Don't Buy
1,Worst Product
1,Having display issue not responding properly and quickly
1,Don't buy this laptop
1,Battery heating is too much even if the charger is unplugged
1,Don't West ur money fo for another Brand
1,Product is delivered today dut i am go and check warranty status and product warranty is started 5 month ago now my product warranty is only 7 month and Flipkart have no response give very ugly experience
1,Battery drain with one hr is poor overall okay only battery is the problem I strongly recommend don't buying this laptop. U lose your money
1,Lcd display is not good
1,Don't buy these product green line on display within 5days
1,Im getting shock from the charger pin and when i connected to laptop it'll also give shock when u tou h any usb ports
1,Laptop turnoff itself after sometime. Better to buy another laptop
1,Battery is very worst
1,"I am facing issue unable to partition the disk space ,not working well,installation not done properly , application are not supporting and not opening,worst laptop,now not opening the login credentials and unable to"
1,Sound quality is bad
1,"Battery backup only one hour
Heating problem
Low build quality .
Display dead pixels 😥😢
Warrenty only 7 month"
1,Purchase this product 6 month ago now product is not working
1,Not satisfying after buy this
1,"The build quality is very poor, display colour is worst, power automatically often,usb ports are very hard tight, mouse pad doesn't work properly."
1,"Nice design
Much heavier than described
Good battery
Below average sound
and the worst part is the display
Display is much worse just like old generation laptops of 2010-12"
1,Many times screen is whight
1,Dont waste your money by buying this product. Screen went dark in next day of delivery
1,"Don't buy. Not thin and light, too heavy. Slow performance. My ryzen 5 with 8 gb works much faster"
1,Totally worthless. Camera and ir sensor is not working properly. Display quality poor .
1,"Worst product ever!
Automatically shuts down while using.
Customer support site does not work.
Very hard to find help for repairs.
One button fallen off and i cannot reach out to customer help."
1,"Laptop is not optimize with 12th gen 12450H processer, it consumes too much battery after using balance mode, also some time stuck during task ..."
1,"Flipkart displayed false specifications
Plastic body
Display also not good
Sound quality is worst"
1,"Worst experience with this laptop, display is major minus to this laptop"
1,Weast of money very slow prosser and hitting iss
1,Very bad laptop don't buy
1,not working after opening the laptop.
1,Battery problem and hang all time . inner box not a brand box normal box its a cheating
1,Display is of very poor quality
1,"Don't buy waste of money .
No return , or exchange .
No MS suite ."
1,Very Bad
1,It started to hang after use of 7 days. When connected with projector started problem .
1,"Battery backup issue ( very bad )
It's a very bad 🤬😡😞😡😡😠"
1,Don't buy laptop from Flipkart.... Just cheating customer no (1+1) warranty. U wl get alway less warranty from Flipkart. I got just 8 month warranty. Flipkart customer service so pathetic they not help u.
1,"My suggetion is better go with other brand.With in 1year you will face a problem touchpad not working, keybord mark on display"
1,Dont buy this product one of the worst desecion i made display looked like replaced one too dim or too bright no clearity always hang and lag
1,Display blinking new laptop
1,Worst product. Performance is very poor. Battery backup very low. Over all performance is very poor.
1,Issue with hinge it shakes a lot and due to which camera focus delayed
1,Very bad product
1,Laptop touchpad is unresponsive and fails to register movements. Bad product.
1,"After sale service is very very bad. After a week of purchase , windows is crashed."
1,Battery backup totally worst.Only 30 to 60 minute backup.
1,"Third class build quality. There is a squeaking noise coming from laptop from day 1 even in turned off condition. The noise is increasing. As it is just 4 months and in warranty, I called Lenovo but they are refusing to take care of this under warranty. I had selected Lenovo expecting good service. But their after sales service is pathetic. They do not cover in manufacturing issues."
1,"Track pad is not aligned well in it's position and as per image shown in flipkart, there is no any Type c port in this laptop.
Battery life is also very poor as it gives backup upto 2-3 hours on even light use. Only the display and sound quality is good."
1,"The laptop was over heat..
I suggest don't buy this product"
1,"Battery problem is very high
Discharging very fast
Cancelled the return order without resolving it"
1,Poor battery back up. Don't go for it.
1,"Looks good and battery is very drained by 1persant to one minute for normal usage.....
Display is quite good.
Not a value for money.......
Overall my suggestion is only suitable for normal usage.....not for coding and gaming"
1,"Webcam quality, and sound quality is very poor."
1,Acer one core laptop purchased 26 Aug 2023 but display blink and keys not work but flipkart team is ignore all problems and no replacement and no refund I shamless flipkart pls don't buy any products with flipkart
1,"ALERT☠️
Its a newly launched product, Battery gone dead after 4 days. 8th day(14oct) i have registered a complain, Acer customer care is helpless They don't have a battery it seems. I came to know that many people have been waiting for their spares for months now. No idea when they / I will get. Bought this laptop to bring some peace in life but since the laptop is dead, pending work is piling up.
Go for lenovo or HP.
Don't repeat the mistake I made.
2nd November update- still waiting for a...
READ MORE"
1,Received faulty machine with faulty battery which lasts max for an hour and it is heating too much and making so loud noise like starting a inverter and no one is helping now
1,"Request you don't buy from flipkart, they making fool to send the defective product..when you go for replacement they give you a long date so that your replacement will be ended then you have no option..ITS FEEL LIKE HEADACHE NOW..."
1,Once my return policy get over my laptop stopped working 😭
1,Not good hopeless product I wasted my money 😒😡 display going off again and again and giving this message after off. 42 thousand rupees I spend money for this .
1,Bed products
1,Such worst performance and bad experience of flipkart platform
1,"The product I received is the worst I've ever encountered. The sound quality is extremely poor, with noticeable distortion even when the volume is only halfway up. Additionally, it lacks a USB-C port for the laptop, the hinges are not sturdy, and the overall build quality is very subpar.

Also, the battery backup is very low. At most, you will get 4 hours as compared to what is shown on the Flipkart website. Overall the product is a defective one.

The seller has been unresponsive despite my ...
READ MORE"
1,Battery very worst
1,"Don't buy this product, they are selling refurbished laptop and there is no MS office with lifetime validity, external mic not working, heating issue
Be careful full guys...don't buy this product

Guys please don't buy this🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨"
1,Laptop is not good . Battery is draining out. Heat problem
1,"Very bad product ,battery drains out in 40 minutes, raised a complaint for replacement, no response for 13 days, only dates given for resolution, never ever buy this third class product"
1,"Can't perform heavy task, even having i5 H series. Too much heat. Poor ventilation , heat up very easily. Can't play games.
Update:- keys comes out even after minor usage.
Hardware is very cheap."
1,"Not proper working...
Hanging problem
Taking more time to on..."
1,Touchpad is making noise on every touch..look like touch pad is movie from left to right..
1,Battery issue
1,"Hi Accer support ,

I would like to highlight again that I didn't get my issue resolved . I want to highlight below points .

1. My Acer laptop got delivered to me on 15th Jan 2024 and my first case logged on 20th Jan 2024 . Case I'd : 38298C

2. Another cases raised 265955C and the latest is 282561C which is logged around 12 july and its going to complete almost 1 month still ,i didn't get the resolution

3. Already motherboard, speaker and now usb hub is changed still my pc is not function...
READ MORE"
1,Laptop not turning on after 6 month of usage. Not good
1,"Very very delicate body, that sometimes you feel that it may break from the middle of its body and will be devided into two parts,
using only for office work, mostly on MS office, still it takes time to open normal MS word or MS excel file,
keyboard buttons leaving scratches on the screen, although using single handedly and very carefully, this is actually design issue."
1,I an not good
1,Not good not compatible with all apps available on Google Play Store
1,Totally waste product...you need so much data and is not good for offline l
1,Very terrible.. os was very bad . Not user-friendly
1,This laptop is very bad plz don't trust on its ryzen processor. Freezing problems and slow processes
1,"Purchasing laptop from flipkart was one of the greatest mistake I have ever made. I'll make sure to uninstall the app and not buy anything from flipkart in future. Also if I would be able to encourage atleast one person not buy anything from flipkart , that would be my all time biggest achievement."
1,Bettry Not Working properly
1,"Performance is not upto the mark , go for another better laptop instead with little extended budget."
1,"Performance and battery is worst
Plz don't buy it"
1,It's not switching on after just 9 months of use.
1,"Poor quality laptop and sound quality very very poor, without additional speaker do not hear any sound, waste of my money and i advised to all please do not waste yout valuable money."
1,"DO NOT BUY LENOVO PRODUCT.......
Don't ever try to buy this product....I am suffering from a screen problem. TOTALLY WHITE. and this issue began just after 3 days of warranty."
1,"Very bad laptop i strongly say don't buy this product
The colour of laptop also get Detroit
Lagging problem is very high"
1,"battery charge helth is very low just 2 houre only
but charging time is 3 houre 😤"
1,"Waste of money don't buy please 😭😭
Battery issue its draining very fast
Not connecting to WiFi and bluetooth
Automatically the option of bluetooth and WiFi get hide..or
Don't know were it's goes after restarting you get it both options and settings
Biggest problem it heating very High level....
Please don't buy very 😔 bad experience from zebronic and Flipkart"
1,"Please don't buy this product.t
This laptop doesn't deserve even 20k."
1,Waste product purchase 6 September 2023 and problem occured 17sept 2023
1,Worst product don't buy this laptop. This laptop had inbuilt problem or shutdown don't waste your money buy some other laptops
1,2 hours battery backup only and over heating system and adopter also ...
1,"Laptop not working properly, repeatedly shutdown during working"
1,Heat problem and battery discharge issue very cheap quality product total money waste
1,"Battery problem and hang problem with in 3-4 days , and no return policy from company, so totally west of money."
1,Battery level so bad
1,I purchased this laptop but its defective and Keyboard is not working properly and I request for the replacement but the replacement is not confirm till now I don't know when they confirm the replacement and delivered the product
1,Sound issue
1,Battery problem
1,"I need REFUND
I AM FULLY STRESSFULL
Complaint raising date 8/08/24
But still pending my issues 13/09/24(waiting 36 days)
Worst experience and too bad support flipkart team"
1,Very bad 🤮🤮🤮🙏
1,Fudu product dont buy this waste of your money go to any other brand
1,"Battery drainage 100
Heating to much
Not able to work because hang the system and everytime going to sleep because of heating"
1,Touch pad not working despite paying such a huge amount of money
1,"Worst product after using 1 week I am very disappointed too much hitting issue.
Laptop hinjes giving noise.
I have premium membership still Lenovo service centre not giving service for hinjes issue.
Waste of money"
1,"Poor laptop, keyboard quality is very bad , lagging every time, low refresh rate , don't waste your money"
1,Sound is very low..
1,Very poor display. don't buy this product
1,Screen bleeding issue
1,Dell laptop it is hanging
1,"Worst Experience, Mousepad means cursor is not working."
1,"display quality is not good it is yellowish, dont buy it . And was having power button issue too that sometime when power is pressed the laptop wont start"
1,Display blinking
1,Fully Money wasted.
1,I am Using this laptop for almost 1 years i had purchased it on 20 June 2023 and today is 12 July 2024. My laptop is not Responding it automatically Forced stop and no not turning on. Battery was more then 80% but still its not working and even not showing Charging light hen current is flowing in the circuiy
1,Sound quality is not as expected. Would like to return this product.
1,Its too hang and don't work properly
1,"Display brightness is low, Speaker sound not enough, lack of usb ports etc"
1,Worst product don't buy... Battery performance worst
1,If we do not plug in the system will not on. No battery backup not even 2 hours. Take care of these before placing the product on Flipkart.
1,"Laptop use only one month after mother bord is
dead"
1,windows os screen not coming without wifi i want to work windows key not working the home screen not coming wifi screen coming my mobile connecting but noy identifyingthe product under overheating within halfan hour auto. Slowmussion multi software not installed
1,Very very worst laptop. after 1 month use I put this experience.laptop display not working.acer customer service not supported.chennai acer laptop service engineer and service center not supporting.please don't buy this acer laptop. Weast of money of money.
1,"This items is very poor,and
Poor is return police,harashment,
Don't buy the lenovo product,and any flipkart product,,,, only buy visiting the shop and buy,,,,
Always awareness guys 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭"
1,Display issue
1,"I'm purchased this laptop January 26 2024,this laptop is worst, please 🙏 skip this product.poor build quality,poor performance,poor battery, heating issues, display flickering,totally waste.please don't by any one"
1,"I purchased this laptop during the Diwali sale, and the Windows seems to be corrupted. It's not starting, and there's also heating issues. This product is quite disappointing, and Flipkart is not willing to replace it."
1,"Very disappointed..at times, in less than one year sparingly used laptop the screen just goes blank and nothing happens even after ctrl alt delete or Esc or rebooting..regretting my decision"
1,"Performance wise it is good. But it has a very very poor sound quality. I asked acer to change the speakers, they changed it, still the sound of the speaker especially while playing conversational audio is very bad. You will always hear HISS sound while playing any audio above 70 volume. I'm disappointed with the Flipkart for the 3rd time, especially with regard to the laptop purchase. Despite people warning me to not buy a laptop from Flipkart, I chose to buy and now I'm disappointed and uns...
READ MORE"
1,The laptop is good but the screen resolution is not good. Also the sound is too low. Don't buy this product.
1,"I bought this laptop just a week ago, and it stopped working, display is blinking and unable to do anything, CPU unnecessary taking too much memory. I bought by checking reviews but it was not worth it."
1,"Don't waste your money on buying this laptop.
Performance - You can't perform your day to day work.
Display- Very small display as compared to other 14Inc displays.
Camera - Camera quality is decent.
Battery - Battery backup is only 3 to 3.5 hours."
1,display doesn't turned on during first use.Careful before buying
1,"Worrrst Build Quality Form Dell 💻 Laptop, waste of money , don't go for This .
Don't Believe Dell,
I haven't seen this type of worrest Quality,
I have a exchanged same Laptop due to OVER HEATING,
Same in Two Laptop s getting Over Heat ,
If you On the Laptop 💻 with in 5-10 minutes, you will come to know that the system is BuRING like fire 🔥🔥🔥"
1,After 6 months use the laptop screen detached with a silver coated screen. I have used this laptop sometimes. Worst experience. Wasted money still my EMI Pending.
1,Battery low
1,"Build quality is not good. Battery backup is poor.
Performance is low."
1,The battery power comes down soon after 1-2hr of usage and device gets overheated.
1,Waste of money
1,In product it mentions backlit keyboard but It doesn't have backlit keyboard which is disappointing.
1,"When the laptop is connected to the adapter to charge, current is flowing from the top and front body of the laptop"
1,"Product is good but service by the LSP was very very poor as I had to travel 20KM for getting the product and they took 1300 extra on the name of damage in my old laptop whereas it's already showing that small breaks and issues will not be considered when I hv already selected the avg condition of old product.
Very disappointed"
1,"Unable to start , black screen coming while updating system...waited almost 6 years .. but no use"
1,Very bad laptop
1,"Very bad service from flipkart ever. I resieved a damaged display of laptop. When i tried to return the product flipkart said that u can only replace the product ,and when i file replacement they reject three times .very disappointed ."
1,Very slow working 😔😔 very bad quality 😞😞
1,Don't buy screen bleeding problem
1,"Everything is perfect..except the keypad some are not functioning well,it's too bad"
1,"The product is bad and well within the warranty period, they are refusing the service on-site - even though the invoice specifically states that. Just an unacceptable product backed by terrible customer service. never again a lenovo!"
1,flipkart is very bad
1,"Don't buy this laptop, everything is froud.
Ms office is providing 7 days only they just mentioned in details ms office is provided also sound quality is very poor, battery capacity is only less than 1hrs after full charged. Coustomer support also not provided"
1,Never buy this product 😭 I have been using it for the last 4 months and issues have already started .it's switching off automatically can't able to use and I don't know what to do 😔
1,Worst in my life
1,Ofter one month use problems start
1,"There is a issue with the Hinges, its broken twice. First it was within warranty and Dell service replaced. But again after few months it broke again, spent 4k to replace. The issue is with the design of hinges, its not sturdy for daily usees"
1,Battery low no performance properly
1,Aromatic off problem please don't buy this product
1,"Flipkart give me used laptop in the name od new laptop
It's speaker is worst in the category my mobile phone is louder than this
Battery is is 1 hours with multitasking and backlight and gaming"
1,when I play some video laptop will be automatically stop and audio will be continue
1,"Display is almost worst fingerprint sensor is automatically unavailable 😕 in just 2 days, Brightness settings is not working, I can't set High/low brightness."
1,Video quality not good
1,Very poor battery backup. The battery lasts only one and a half hours.
1,"better condition is to bad , material also very cheap"
1,Connectivity issues with the product. Poor display quality. Delicate to handle.
1,Type C port not available and selling old items by showing new pictures in website.
1,Very Poor Product overheat battery drain in 1. 5hr sound voice crack charging issue
1,please don't purchase this product...waste of money..this laptop has heating problem
1,Very bed
2,"Nice....Must buy....Will add review again after 6 Month.
after 6 month..
battery life very poor..
screen get black for a moment..contacted HP 15 days before ...till no service provide..
best don't purchase"
2,Sound quality is very bad
2,it's don't work smoothly
2,Battery full heating battery problem
2,It's not good don't buy anyone... Really I am not believe Flipkart for shopping
2,"If a laptop is left shut down or unused for one week, the battery will drain completely to 0"
2,Worst battery backup (1hour - 1.5 hours without gaming)
2,its performance is very very slow.so if you want better performance then dont buy it .
2,"Not an awesome laptop. A budget laptop with very very cheap build quality.

The Processor and the RAM capacity are the only pros of this laptop.

The cons are an extensive list.

- The keyboard looks very cheap. We can't use this for regular use. We have to buy an additional keyboard and Mouse combo.
- The Mouse Trackpad is also very cheap.
- Overall build quality is very average.
- The display is also not bright enough. Usable only in indoor conditions. Even in a small amount of sunlight, we...
READ MORE"
2,Rough item
2,Never by this probuct
2,System is getting hang and blue screen already occured i bought it in 4th nov it is lagging sometimes and sometimes it works good
2,Slow system
2,Camera is not upto mark
2,"The product is 90% perfect, but 10% is not because of the screen bleeding issue, I really didn't expect this, you should provide us proper unit



Today(14/11/24) : laptop hinge automatically broke and still I don't know the reason , probably a manufacturing defect in my unit, it was fine before yesterday night and when I closed the lid it automatically broke, poor build 😞."
2,"Performance wise it is beast,Battery drains very fast,mux switch helps in saving battery, speakers are rich in sounding equal."
2,"Display Quality is very bad
battery is ok not good
Always go for IPS full HD display"
2,Not good
2,The laptop is good in performance but the battery backup is not satisfactory. It only discharge in 3 hours.
2,Very bad experience
2,"I bought Lenovo LOQ Intel Core i7 13th Gen 13650HX. Came after 7 -8 days despite full payment. Battery drains really fast even when you are surfing, Only 1.5 hrs to 2 hrs backup that too only after light work. Attached are benchmark scores. Little low score compared to online reported results. My laptop is working fine so far. Although lots of reviews online at other websites reporting issues with motherboard and display. Read those reviews before making a call. I bought third party warrant...
READ MORE"
2,The Display screen is not as expected. Very poor quality screen though it's HD screen. Didn't expect this much will happen. Screen seems like faded. Picture quality looks so dull and faded.
2,"I bought this product on 26th September 2024 and now using this after the return policy date over , the sound quality is very poor and bad not you can listen to a movie even in just front of display, battery performance is also not good, more details and review I will update after the month of using"
2,Battery health is ok but charging not staying as per norm getting off 2hrs of use
2,"Display is very Bad
Battry only 2 hour maximum Not satisfied this Product for 43K"
2,This a very bad product.please Don't buy it .I'm regretting after buying it . wasted my parents money
2,display quality very bad
2,The display is bad . Audio is slow.
2,Laptop damaged after a month display not strong for normal usage dont but this product otherwise you loss your money waste product
2,Not Extodenery product but valu for money!!
2,"All ok but, the sound quality was not good..."
2,Charging issue and battery back up also not good
2,Okay
2,I didn't like the heating noise in the laptop..and also it is slow in performance . This is not a good laptop so guys pls don't buy it
2,"I will not suggest to buy it because laptop 15 inch is vary big screen and speakers are not good,"
2,"I used this product for last 1 and a half year , then the major issues I faced are with hinges ..they are very faulty and tight and secondly the keyboard which is now not working...
This brand has very poor after sales services"
2,Performance wise is not good and the battery is also not good. The charging time battery and adapter is too hot.. totally a waste of money.. don't trust the Lenovo..
2,Very bad experience with Flipkart delivered a defected laptop please don't purchase it because service is very poor and not replacing this defected laptop but hp is done the DOA certificate but still not listing any things
2,Very low sound. You need external speaker.
2,Over hitting 5 min
2,"After 15days very normal usage.
Battery drain very fast
Within seconds 100% to 95%,40mins battery backup,
Used product received.off Screen cover removed.
Too much heat with in 2 minutes use

Waste of money"
2,Not a good product. Waste of money. No support from the e commerce and laptop company. Buy another brand which is not Indian.
2,"There is problem of battery 🔋 backup
3 hrs hardly goes.
If you full charge your laptop
Rest function are good"
2,1 month hinge brocken 😔 bad quality
2,My laprop camera not working and battery backup average
2,"Sound is too low
Battery last for 1 hour 30 minutes
Some times it's lags"
2,"Battery problem
Only one hour backup"
2,Battery backup is not as promised. It runs only 3 hours.
2,Bought this Chromebook just for Online teaching. But the performance is too bad and lags everywhere
2,Battery backup is very very bad
2,This product is worst and not working properly
2,"Light weight and good for basic performance
Note: I thought there was a touchpad loose issue as it was creating noise on touch but later on found it has button below touchpad so it has left click and right click button.

Edit:- after using for 1 year
Found it has keyboard issue when I press F5 it accidentally pressing win + p key , I tried the service centre they do replaced the keyboard but it still gives the issue."
2,"Don't buy this laptop audio quality, display quality,very poor and not worth full for this price"
2,Hardware wise it's ok but Battery died within 5 months and company isn't providing warranty either.
2,"The ASUS TUF laptop impresses with its robust build and commendable performance. Designed to withstand demanding tasks, it offers a reliable gaming and multitasking experience. While the display quality might not be top-tier, its overall value and durability make it a solid choice for budget-conscious gamers and users seeking a dependable laptop."
2,Such a low quality laptop...after one month power button is not working properly... please don't buy this laptop ...pls trust me... don't buy this laptop 🥲
2,Product ok but heating problem with in 5 minutes laptop is full heating
2,Don't buy this laptop. A terrible piece of 💩. Just go for other laptops that are way more reliable. If you have a money tree then go ahead 😁.
2,Screen freeze on first day and trackpad not working
2,"Bettry backup is the worst part of this laptop
Lag issue
Display average"
2,"AC power Adapter error
Not charge issue"
2,"Worst ever experience in flipkart.When the product was received at me everything looks great.But when I started configuring an initial setup I found out that there is some problem in screen and one black horizontal line is visible as you can see in the screenshot.So I thought that it's better to replace this laptop with another one. But as we all know the product value is one lakh. So they have disabled the return option. Then i tried to contact customer care and they logged one ticket on my ...
READ MORE"
2,"I am using this laptop from last 1 week
Dont buy this laptop its to slow
If you are using 1 app or you want to switch to another its take 2-3 minute to load
If you have money for this laptop give it to needy people but dont buy this laptop"
2,There are connectivity issues with Wifi and the key pad quality is not better than a toy. My mouse pad stopped working within 6 months of purchase.
2,not for photography purpose photos looks too much bright on display not recommended for content creation and where true tone colors are important
2,"Very delicate, poor Hardware surely not a good laptop"
2,Value for money
2,Build quality of Acer Nitro from 4 or 5 years ago was much better than this. The keyboard seems relatively flimsy for a gaming laptop. The worst design flaw of this laptop is that the display opens up in such a way that that the hot air from the fan vents hit one side of the bottom of the display which starts heating up. This most definitely reduces the life of the display. It doesn't feel as if this laptop Nitro model is durable enough to last more than a couple of years.
2,Not ok
2,"I brought in BBD sale.
The warranty of my laptop was already activated for approx 40 days before purchase.

I ordered on 28th sept 2024 and recieved on 06-10-2024 approx 8days later ..and warranty was started already from 22-08-2024

Display was look like refurbished...

the seal was already opened..


I thought of posting a return but I was already delayed in my work so I thought it better to leave.

Pros

performance beast.

Cons

Battry

Heating issue

Weight of charger"
2,My Laptop getting slow Sometimes Not Good Product Slow Performance Taking Time For Every Task
2,"Windows app not soport, game amulator not supotte"
2,"Speaker quality is very bad, guys plz dont buy this and flipkart also provide bad services"
2,Battery life is very bad only 2-3 hours .only one move watching after battery dad very cheep product .don't Purchase acer brand.
2,"Don't buy this product
1) The product design is good.
2) Battery performance is very poor.
3) MS Office is also not provided. (Keep an eye on that while purchasing)
4) Functioning is quite good."
2,Not good for heavy works .... processor is too slow
2,Waste of money.only for online class.
2,I like the performance and the look of the laptop but the battery drains so fast and the laptop is heating up so easily so i will give it 2 stars for the money and the looks of it but the rest is just okaish
2,Battery is very poor and refresh rate also poor
2,"Display is too worst battery is just ok.
We can use normally but not for gaming or coding














Overall ok but camera quality was too bad"
2,Bad
2,"It's only been a month since I purchased it but I'm starting to get some errors like the CMOS setup is invalid and the laptop is taking a long time to start!! The design and display is topnotch but the battery i should have given a negative rating!! The battery is draining so quickly and when you have switched off the laptop and used it after some days, the battery is going to zero!! Never seen this happen"
2,Heaing problem face
2,(heating problem) hm so I'm editing this review after 4 days of using it and I saw that the heating problem will be okay with the time..I mean not overall but heat will be less .....if your is too heating so have patience use it for 2-3 days and then it will be normal because heating is a normal problem in laptops but overheating is not.. I think it's good at tis range. Just okay!! 👍
2,Lap top Heavy heat with in 10 mints and low battery backup
2,Waste of money
2,Quality of product is very
2,"Within 15 days only the impression of keyboard is getting on the screen, i don't know hot to protect the screen.
the body is made of flexible plastic and they are clamming that it's military grade design."
2,The laptop battery is so scary
2,battery issue and overheating
2,Heating fault
2,I advice not to buy this product.The overall performance is better but within one month of purchase I got a problem regarding power.When I charge it i showed it is charging but the battery percentage is not increasing.Finally now it is in a HP authorised service center for repair 😮💨.It was all just in a span of less than a month.
2,it doesn't provide the correct storage.the laptop storage are very
2,"Display quality is not good,am not satisfied with this"
2,"Battery never charged above 60%. I have charges the laptop for 8-10 hours in a day, but battery not charged above 60% and the same is discharged within an hour.
So, I think that the laptop is not good for me."
2,"Processor is not good, not a good choice 😞"
2,Battery is way too bad
2,Worest battery backup charging only 2 hours capacity. Don't buy this laptop
2,The laptop is not working properly after 10 days
2,Backlight Is not there... And it's heating after using some time only
2,Not Happy
2,Battery very poor
2,Battery is not good
2,Worst laptop. Battery won't last for even 3hr and when I open it battery won't even fix by screw and thermal paste is spreaded like hazardous manner
2,Worst battery performance
2,The screen was not so good very colur fade and also battery backup was not good
2,So Much Heating Problem In Day One After Using Few Minuets Only They Become Heat and Sound Also Came. Battery Life Is Very Poor Gave Only 3 To 4 Hour Backup After Fully Charged
2,3rd quality display.
2,Not chargeing at all
2,It is so small performance poor
2,Ok not good
2,Not say anything?
2,Chrome os is not good not supporting Any software
2,Battery not so good.
2,"Everything is good, handles basic gaming on high graphics. Camera quality must be improved too worse. One more thing improve the packaging. And that's it for me although I liked the product and I'll use it for my studies."
2,Not working
2,"Lightweight. Good looking, good battery backup.
Performance is very good due to SSD. Overall value for money.
Only extra i needed was msoffice which isn't provided in laptop. Rest all is amazing.
Another issue i see is with respect to speakers. The sound is low. Could have been better.
Update:
Reducing another star as stopped working in 2 months. Repair is taking normally 15 days as promised by service centre team. I now realise that there is a reason why hp, Lenovo, acer, Dell are top bran...
READ MORE"
2,First of all Warrenty was given 1 year this. But when i purchase it its shows 6 month only. Screen size is too small. Battery backup is 3 hour. Over heating issue after use 1 hour. Over all not a good product at all.
2,After 1month it shows heating problem
2,"Initially Laptop worked very nicely. Then after 6 months suddenly Wi-Fi stopped working, Now only a few days later battery is not working. I had just updated the software and restarted laptop to found it saying battery stopped working. Have to plug in to make it work. Very bad purchase."
2,laptop was strucking
2,"Waste of money ...
You have too many choices in this amount"
2,"Not Worth at all, laptop is slow, even asphalt 9 sometimes runs slow and if you open multiple tabs in browser laptop becomes slow."
2,Heating problem
2,Display is not good
2,Laptop is good but the paint on laptop body is of poor quality.
2,"1. Product Description is wrong about sRGB. It is 67% not 100. This has to be corrected. Apparently flipkart doesnt verify.
2. Air flow from the vent is directed towards screen. The reasoning is beyond me"
2,RGB and fan is not working
2,Battery capacity low but all top capacity
2,"Laptop shuts down automatically. Power backup is ridiculous. I am a programmer, I bought for increased RAM, and SSD, but windows 11 OS is unstable, now i have to spend few bucks t downgrade to windows 10. Not Happy. Also you won't be able to connect your wired earphones for meeting or watching window. It is such a hassle to use bluetooth headphones , and keep charging laptop and headphones both , just to complete my day's work. Recommended - Not at all"
2,"Processing is slow
I need some compensation or refund for that
I thought it well be processing well but not to expectations"
2,"The battery is so bad, it drains out so quickly. And the adapter tht i got is chicony idk if i cn get get another adapter or not after replacement, this adapter get hot within just 5 minutes of charging n tht too i dont use it while it's on charge..."
2,Keyboard verry cheap quality
2,"I recently purchased Infinix Zerobook laptop from Flipkart. And my initial experience has been far from satisfactory.

Maybe its cheaper from other laptop in this category, but from the moment I opened the box, I noticed several glaring issues that have significantly impacted my user experience.

Firstly, the laptop is surprisingly heavy, which is quite inconvenient for a device that is marketed as a portable solution. I am afraid to carrying it around now.

Moreover, the heating problem is...
READ MORE"
2,"There have casual issues but more important to to down its rating that is the we can play some of video its screen is going in black then we can not going into back, we need to shutdown directly through power off switch. Its too much fastrated me its not support videos. Hang on issue"
2,The laptop doesn't come with 144hz as mentioned it just has 60hz
2,I felt its over priced.. I had issue on power button. Quality also not to dell perfection.. battery performance not much expected
2,battery backup not good
2,Battery worst drain very fast
2,Product not a good
2,Not worth of money
2,Back side cooling fan very loud noise coming
2,Battery power down immediately....
2,"Battery performance is extremely poor. Received laptop in bad shape. It was deformed however, after pressing the cover all went fine."
2,All Over Product is Good as per prrice But The Speaker Performance No Good very low sound
2,"Keyboard is freezing,sound automatically freezing
In that time
Laptop restart....
After restart it's good
But after using one hour
Problem again come"
2,"Very poor display.
My phone's speaker is like DJ if I talk about its speaker."
2,Laptop is very low price and this laptop is affordable to poor family's but laptop battery backup is very bad
2,"Worst build quality,hinge problem and touch pad problem"
2,Screen is not good as expected and sometimes the laptop doesn't get on without power supply or charging even if it has more than 50% battery level
2,"Screen resolution not good, build quality poor, easily broken, performance ok.overall considerable laptop below 35000"
2,Bad battey backup
2,Average
2,Very bad product
2,Not good pro
2,Waste of money . Display is very very bad
2,Over heating 😈
2,Money wais
2,Poor built quality
2,Very bad battery
2,"If MS OFFICE would be included with a slight increase in price, It could be used for atleast some work....... Speakers are very bad..... Wifi connectivity is also very bad.......

Bought this with some money can't through it away.......


I am not going for Acer ever in my life again......

Add some money but take something which you can use properly........"
2,Less than 2 hour battery capacity
2,Windows defender not working or can't start
2,I have purchased it on Jan 10 2023 and now today it is 7 September 2023. I'm not satisfied with battery because whenever I fully charged the laptop and if I not use it for 1 day automatically charged dropped to zero again I need to charge it And another case is when I fully charged the laptop and if I open one browser in chrome and close the laptop without shutdown for 2-3 hours then charge dropped to zero again I need to charge it remaining everything is good with that amount of money
2,Battery low
2,Bad because
2,"OLED Is better than this ,not mental body only one side is metal"
2,Very weak battery capacity.. not even getting 2 hrs
2,It heat a lot and problem with display when pop up arise it lower it brightness step by step and problem with wifi. Wifi icon and drivers disappear. Waste of money. It better to go for leonovo ideapad gaming 3 that i have bought for my sister that is working phenomenal
2,Below average
2,"Ram is not upgrade in laptop , backlit , fingerprint not in laptop, usb port is very tite , touchpad and keyboard not working in proper way. Heating There are problem with me. My suggestion you can purchase any other laptop."
2,"Bad product , Hanging problem"
2,"Simple c program not run this laptop🥺, iam really unsatisfied, I still had to take a good graphics card laptop, wast of money"
2,Laptop use after 30 minutes heat laptop very bad product
2,Just after 3 weeks my laptop cannot be charged
2,britness not change
2,"Battery backup is very poor
Hardly 1.5hr running after full charge"
2,"Performance wise it's better but the display given was worst in quality if u clean display with normal cloth, it's get numbers of scratches.
I think don't waste your money on such a cheap product' increase your budget and buy better laptop"
2,Heating issue when charging and system hang many times App is sudden stoped and display goes to black . Volume is too low .Instead all are good. Acer must has to give the update as soon as of system hang and heating issue.
2,Battery performance is very bad only 2-3 hours
2,Battery is very bad only 2Hour run time
2,"Bad product, After 4 month from baing, it's not working"
2,Iteam poor quality product
2,LAPTOP IS GOOD IN ALL THE CONDITION BUT YOU HAVE TO COMPROMISE WITH THE PRODUCT QUALITY BECAUSE I PURCHASED THIS LAPTOP IN 10/23 BUT AFTER 7 MONTHS ONE KEY OF THE KEYBORD IS BROKEN AUTOMATICALLY WHICH KEY IS USED RARELY AND ALSO THE PLASTIC MATERIAL ON THE LAPTOP IS NOT OF A GOOD QUALITY YOU WILL SEE MANY SCRACHES ON YOUR BODY AFTER SOME TIME PLEASE DONOT BUY THIS LAPTOP
2,"It is an used product ,it doesn't works properly I needed a service to use . battery life is too short when compared to the given specification. Suddenly it turn off itself when using for more than an hour"
2,Not good quality of display
2,"Worst Display, colours look so different, not suitable for web developers, designers and graphic designers, not even suitable for watching movies or pictures"
2,Very good
2,bad finishing
2,"No recommendation. Very noize work. Expensive.
Battery maximum 4 hours.
Don't have USB.
No good not comfortable keyboard."
2,Battery back up is very low
2,After purchasing laptop I got fingerprint issue after that I'm reinstall windows this issue is fixed now I'm facing this issue again please help after using of few days of usage this issue any apperance. How to overcome this issue.
2,"The battery drains too much even with normal usage, fan noise also irritates more. Please don't buy this model."
2,Bad products
2,Its hang 3 time in a month... don't know why
2,"Only for internet browsing , Like a tablet.
Comparison of windows not satisfied and waste of money. Poor Display. But battery backup is awesome"
2,Hitting problem 😞
2,Monotor not working in six months
2,Very+ poor speaker
2,Too many issues stop charging in one month and also hang too much acer customer service is worst not recommended
2,"The quality of charger is too low, there are power indicators on the keyboards and charger, the RJ45 connector is poorly built. The touch pad right click is too hard to press"
2,I purchased this laptop before 15 days.but now laptop automatically going into shutdown.really very bad.. automatically shutdown very poor laptop
2,"Heating within 20 min
Just wast of money"
2,Display is most worst part in this device. Then after battery backup less than 3 hr. My bad experience with flipkart . And than after i never purchase any electronic item from flipkart.
2,"Very very bad this product.i have recommended to any coustmer not buy this product.acer product is very bad product.battery problem, shutdown problem,this laptop is automatically off.so please not buy this product."
2,When I open or charge a laptop it heat in between 5 mints and to much heat so it scare me ...good design but it heat to much fast
2,Product good but you suffer from battery issue and heating issue from the beginning of the day
2,heating issue
2,My system is with in 5 over heat the system please resolve the problem
2,Battery backup is very low
2,Laptop good fod basic internet surfing and watching movies. Laptop build quality and keyboard very very poor. Front cameea doesn't have cover.
2,Worst speaker ever
2,Very low performance and hanging the laptop.
2,No display quality.. very low performance.. not suitable for multitasking even for Ms office and chrome
2,Worst product
2,AMD Processor verry bad
2,Bluetooth is not working properly
2,Worst display.... Don't buy it
2,Don't buy...
2,"It's performance is not as expected.
Boot period is quite long.
lags a bit after the boot , battery drop issue also visible"
2,Very disappointed i didn't expect from Flip kart and also facing heat issue in Laptop
2,Battery backup very poor
2,Too too bad battery backup
2,Not bad
2,"Not satisfied
Problem 1 : There is heating issue. When working with Excel and power bi, I could hear the fan noise and when we touch the speaker area, there was heating. This is not a single experience
Problem 2 : The 7 key in the keyboard is rigid. You have to press it hard to type 7. This might be problem for mine only. Experiencing this on a brand new laptop is not acceptable
So overall, I'm not satisfied 😔"
2,Over heating
2,"It's my review after 15 days of usage tha worst part in tha devide was the speakers,not only tha audio was irritating tha speaking continuously Making some noice while listing a song or watching a video, the touch pad was sometimes not working properly, even sometimes tha lap was not properly turning on and needs to be switch off with tha power button and repeating this for multiple times, my personal opinion was specs seems to be good but tha quality of the components like touch pad and spea...
READ MORE"
2,Display spot very bad buy
2,"Sound is very low
Display is not so bright as 400 nits"
2,"Laptop is ok ok in terms of other parts is concerned, like display, day to day uses etc, the major drawback is it's sound. It's very very less.. forget about listening music 🎶 etc, in fact while attending interview I faced, I was not able to hear interviewer questions properly.. it's really really disappointed."
2,"Now a days , Before purchasing take the snapshots of any offer which are applied when doing payment on Flipkart. If any cashback which was applied during payment and if you ask Flipkart when it is not credited they will not support properly and will ask for the snaps.For the issues they will mark your issues as resolved all the times I'm such cases so be careful when purchasing such high value products from Flipkart"
2,Camara not clear
2,"I purchased this laptop and completed 7 days.but the very fact is this laptop is good in this budget,They are only misleading by making false claims as in case of battery performance.The full battery doesn't even sustains for 2 hours.Very disappointed.Even the service centre are worst."
2,Didn't like the service there was a scratch mark on the upper body i requested for the replacement but they took so much time and asked for the images repeatedly and didn't respond on time they just kept procrastinating
2,Good 👍🏻😊
2,"Don't buy this laptop.It may looks good but i faced the problem within 2 days. And worst customer service, i recieved the laptop from service center after 1 month . Don't buy this product guys."
2,"Not for coding.I thought it would be good if this laptop is expensive but it is nothing like that, its performance is very bad, battery backup is very poor, I never expected it to be like this. Totally disaster 😤"
2,"Continuously crashing
Wifi laging
Sometimes keyboard not working
Overheat
Delay start control center
Worst software optimisation
In power saving mode laptop hang and crash in normal task"
2,"Products sold in flipkart are not genuine. Worst laptop. Issues were started with laptop right from day 1 usage. Issues with usb port, Bluetooth connectivity etc."
2,Laptop is ok. Good quality and Design. Performance is really for both Gaming.. Just missing Fingerprint sensor. Only good for office and coding use. Valorant runs on 50 fps max with lag on low graphics
2,"Sound quality is not good. Laptop sound is low,properly not heard. Feeling discomfort on sound quality."
2,"The laptop has all the specifications as it has stated. What went wrong is the laptop sent to me has 4 major issues I found within 2 days of purchase. The problems are as follows:
1. To power on the laptop, you must press the button very hard. When I say very hard, I literally mean very hard. You have to press it multiple times to power it on. It has an LED to show whether it is on or not.
2. The touchpad has some issues as I try to swipe toward the left it goes right. It does not happen alwa...
READ MORE"
2,"Display is below average they used TN panel which will definitely disappoint you. Can't see from side angles and picture quality will be low.
Battery is ok, will get 4 hours around.
Performance is good."
2,Overheating issue and battery drain too early
2,Worst battery backup. Lasts in only maximum 2 hr
2,Display is not comfortable with eyes. It should have IPS display system.
2,"processor is of very old generetion, take time in processing"
2,It is fully disappointed with its display....iam a graphic designer it's completely showing different colour of some original colours......if you wanted to buy this laptop for graphic designing or don't go for it.....but any other task it's is good
2,Only heating problem
2,Review after 5 month of use....if you ok with low battery backup and low sound quality then u can go with it
2,"It is an entry level laptop. So, one cannot expect the best. However, there are some things I must point out.

1) Battery backup is literally poor, 2-2.5 hrs in normal usage

2) I don't know how this product is certified as Military Grade. Believe me it is a gimmick (may be a mere business strategy). The entire body is made of plastic. And I did not feel it so sturdy that it can pass the Military Grade toughness scale.

3) The display has 45% NTSC (equivalent to approx. 55-58% sRGB). Naturall...
READ MORE"
2,It doesn't have iris graphics
2,"The machine keeps hanging. It has been only 10 days now, no apps are installed, it’s already hanging every now and then. The battery life is only half from what was mentioned."
2,An average product
2,"Not good At all, you'll face lagging issue all the time. Go for laptop having graphics card. Don't go on look and fingerprint."
2,The laptop processor is slow.
2,Get the Intel version of loq AMD version is more laggy or sort of no performance in it lakes or loads more of the time
2,Product is good but not worth for money
2,CAMERA POOR
2,No free ms office included
2,Heating issue at the back
2,"Performance is ok but that copilot is not working.
Very disappointed. They are taking too much money but copilot not working. Don't by this product otherwise money will be waste. 😔😔"
2,Work is very slow
2,"It has not even been a month since the purchase, and I have had to call Lenovo support to repair the touchpad twice. Even though their service is good, it is disturbing that the touchpad has been replaced within a month. The replaced touchpad works fine."
2,Everything ok but battery backup is just 4 to 5 hr after 100% charge not satisfied with battery
2,"Laptop is very lagging 😭
Is not provided good performance 😔
Just waste the money!"
2,"Worst experience in this laptop, customer support and Samsung service center support very Wrost service don't buy this people they are testing our patience, almost 50 calls I done to Samsung customer support they are not responding properly,don't buy this laptop."
2,Don't buy 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
2,Product was good but MS office software was expired by the time we received the product in our hand.thats disappointing
2,"So Heating whan do work

matter i dont know
sound very poor"
2,Don't buy.. Display Bleeding Problem
2,"With in a month of use the display panel detached. Hinge problem detected. After contacting customer support came came to know that this is my fault, saying I don't have knowledge of using laptop and it will be repair on chargeable basis. Worst experience ever with ASUS. What kind of MILITARY GRADE QUALITY that is, which easily degrade by own."
2,Display is not better and poor quality
2,"Got this at an offer price of 10000. Still I feel it is not worthy. Worst display I've ever seen in laptops. Doesn't matter it is a touch screen 360 fold laptop, the display is almost useless. Waste of money."
2,Worst product.
2,Seems battery issue 😕
2,"Not Full HD display,
Battery average"
2,keyord button quality very poor
2,Bad probackt
2,System loads while opening
2,Useless product.donot buy it's a honest suggestion. Also exchange value is also very less
2,battery life is so poor that it last for 2 hrs only when it is brand new then you can think that if it get old thank how much backup it can give.
2,Dont buy
2,Display quality is average all is ok
2,Bad product 😭
2,Working very slow
2,Bad product
2,Some operation not working in laptop don't take Asus laptop friend
2,Very small and not for usable waste of money
2,Very poor product.
2,not happy
2,Not so good as I think
2,Very bad product... after downloading any app... it's not working... video quality is very low... looking good but it was waste of money.....
2,Windows 10 not installed
2,NOT FOR THE ONES WHO ARE LOOKING FOR LONGER BATTERY LIFE. EVEN INDICATOR IS NOT WORKING PROPERLY FOR THIS.
2,Osm laptop but to install the apps need to reboot systeam and need to allow so many steps not gets good opinion on it and also when use putting charger it's hanging so wiared also good looking laptop but expectation not upto the mark
2,"It hangs many a times even if you do only browsing, or play YouTube online."
2,"I bought the 16gb i3 1215u variant.
The laptop's performance is very bad when the charger is not plughed in. Using multiple apps gets very laggy. But as soon as the charger is plugged in, the performance improves by 2.5X. This is very weird. I tried using the performance mode and disabled all the battery Optimizations, but this does not make any difference.

It's very frustrating when you have plug in the charger every time you want to do some moderate level tasks."
2,"Just don't buy. Track pad is worst you can see in the market. It will start jerking behavinh randomly after sometime. I am using it by disabling the track pad with a external mouse.
Updating Intel graphics driver will disable the screen brightness dimming option.

No support from manufacturer to fix this issue.

It appears they updated the motherboard for Intel 13th gen but other I/O chips are 10-15 years old"
2,Battery performance is pretty bad hardly coming 2 hrs and audio sound quality not good.
2,Battery quality is not
2,"Very bad laptop 16 gb RAM i5 don't buy.
Build quality is very bad"
2,Very bad product waste of money
2,Heating issue
2,Battery Backup very bad
2,Microsoft applications not working
2,"This review is after 4 months of usage.
The day I received the laptop, I found out that there is an issue with the touchpad. The touchpad starts lagging if we use the touchpad for more than 2 hours. Restarting the laptop will fix the issue. The issue repeats again after 2 hours.

I connected the mouse and there is no lag issue. So performance is fine but the touchpad is having issues.

I replaced the laptop but still there is an issue in the new one as well. This whole process of replacemen...
READ MORE"
2,After one month Hdmi cable card is not working.
2,This is only for children study
2,Bro sound is low
2,after 5days one side sound ded
2,Very slow cannot sactisfied the quality. Trapped
2,Not satisfied with this
2,heavy heating problem use as normal chrome or anything as normal use... battery is bad performance quickly down on normal use work only 4hr backup and speaker quality is too bad.... camera quality is not good ...charger is so big so problem with carrying in travel experience..
2,"Getting hang, sometimes screengeta hang"
2,"Touchpad, fingerprint sensor built in quality is too bad. It forced me to use mouse. and also charger built in quality is also too bad."
2,C ports are not workings
2,"Battery draining
We get 1.5 hour after fully charged."
2,The computer has a very weak battery. It trains the power so quickly.
2,The logo is in the middle for this laptop for me iam confused after seeing other review
2,Everything ok but processor speed is low ....
2,"After 6 months, you have trouble connecting to the wifi"
2,keybord not working continue
2,System very slow hanging issue
2,It heats up so fast and battery life is kind of short
2,Laptop not on and ssd missing
2,some times hangs when you work
2,Does nt turn on even if charged and processing is way to slow. Not expected from this brand. People think twice before buying this one.
2,"Pro :
Light weight
Build quality seems to be good
Touch screen quality seems to be okay.
Core ultra 5 performance is good.
NVME performance is good.
No heating issue during charging or during work.
Battery backup is just okay.


Con :
The laptop display is the weakest point. It is yellowish in color. Very badly calibrated. If you are used to good quality displays like MacBook or Dell or HP for that matter, this is pathetic in comparison.
Sound quality is pathetic.
Touchpad does not feel stur...
READ MORE"
2,No keyboard light
2,It is not good
2,Proformance is not good
2,"RAM is very little 🙄
Clock speed only 1200Mhz
Windows support only one display language 🙁
Camera quality very poor 🙁"
2,"Battery is getting hot soon... The system runs slow, no speed even at 8gb RAM."
2,Don't buy this product hanging and lag problem display automatic on off battery backup is not good and processor is not good acer brand and flipkart service is very bad and poor don't buy
2,SLOW
2,This product is not good
2,"Over heating
Slow processing"
2,Power baton no on laptop 💻
2,"Giving a review after one month of use, for getting charged it's taking 2 hrs and battery is draining too quickly mostly in 2 hrs. Not much hd clarity. Design is good."
2,"No backlight keyboard, No MS office activated, very bad"
2,Heating issue and fan is continuously running with high speed and service centre also not resolving this problem.
2,"Product is average.Every thing is good but xcel/ms word not worked properly.Every time when I opened MS ,Laptop hanged.Over all not recommended for office work(light/medium or heavy work)"
2,Worst sound quality
2,Producet very bad items
2,"While this device is decent for its price range, I found it difficult to complete even simple daily tasks. Casual gaming and using system software felt sluggish, making the whole system choppy. Within just one day of use, I experienced frustration while trying to set up the PC for normal use, which led me to submit a return request."
2,Issue which im facing is i have purchased this laptop on 15/08/2024 but on website i have checked the warranty is showing from 29/03/2024 till 27/05/2025.. so please look into it. Kindly update my warranty period as per my purchased date. I have attached pictures for your reference
2,"Bluetooth disconnecting within every 2,3 minutes,and connecting automatically"
2,"I have used many laptops and PC's. This type of performance I had never seen.

Very laggy
Slow Booting

It has a 4Gigs of RAM and 256GB of SSD, even it works worst than my Pentium processor

I would recommend to not buy thia laptop"
2,I used this laptop for one and a half year and right after the warrenty battery started swelling the battery is worth 3900 and u can't find it anywhere only u might get it in service center so i am using it without a battery now I am scared when power might come and blow my laptop away totally avoid this one unless u wanna take a risk of repairs every year
2,Video hang problem 😔😔😔
2,"I really hate the fact that Asus and flipkart are selling this device without any accessories, there is no case for sale, the ROG Tetra headphones are not for sale, neither is the dock or controller anywhere to be found, the lack of accessories really limit what the device is capable of, you cant really connect this to your TV and enjoy it without the dock and controller, and carrying it around without case might damage it,

the device itself is great, but for anyone on the fence to purchase ...
READ MORE"
2,Gets heat when operating on charging
2,Touch pad is not working properly
2,"There is a fingerprint option while buying the laptop but after getting the laptop there is no fingerprint, so don't buy this laptop"
2,Not value for money
2,Hitting problem and hanging laptop keyboard not working.. Very bad experience
2,A very slow machine. It's troubling me a lot. Better stay away from it.
2,Laptop is functioning perfectly but cursor point right click is not functioning properly.
3,NYC performance like office work editing but battery issue
3,Design and display are good in this price .But battery is very bad 😔. battery back is only 2 hours .you will have to connect charger always. Don't go for it if you want battery.
3,"Design and Build Quality:
The laptop has a sleek and modern design.It's typically made of a combination of plastic and metal, offering durability while keeping weight manageable.

Performance:
In terms of performance, mid-range laptops usually feature decent specifications suitable for everyday tasks and light to moderate multitasking. They typically come equipped with mid-tier processors like Intel Core i3 13th Gen along with sufficient RAM 8GB and SSD storage for faster boot times and appl...
READ MORE"
3,Good but battery backup is not good
3,I bought this yesterday but today I noticed screen bleeding issue 😔 pls tell solution
3,"Got this laptop for 48k, even computer ups battery performs better than this."
3,"Everything is mostly fine except the trackpad which as many had pointed is clicking from the back of the laptop. This is mostly because of cheaper build quality and the use of plastic in back cover. Trust me you would not be able to use this laptop on uneven surfaces. If you are okay with that you would really not have any other problems. Secondly the weight of this device is also too much compared to other 14 inch laptops even though it doesn't have a very powerful processor (H or P series)...
READ MORE"
3,"13 gen 1335u processor with 8gb ram is good who is working on excel, internet surfing. This laptop by default consumes 7gb ram. Im software engineer and trouble to run any software on this configuration."
3,Poor battery backup and thermal control. Display is not bright enough.
3,Average rating
3,"Specs and performance are good
Display are not good
Battery also not good
Buy it rtx 4050 with tgp is 75 watts
Brightness are not good
Heat exhaust Ventilation air flow under ight side of the screen"
3,"Good laptop overall.
The battery isn't worth above 4 stars. Average battery performance.
The performance however is top notch. RTX does it's job well.
Display is good and when in 144hz mode, it's classic.
There's some issue with the keyboard lighting.No idea if it happened just with me but some LEDs show RGB color when in static light mode.
Rapid charging.
The GPU is good but it would be much better if they provided at least 6gb VRAM and a DDR5 RAM.
Now, coming to the most important part, i...
READ MORE"
3,good product
3,No Microsoft 365
3,"Overall look is good
battery is so so
display vibrant
processor smooth
SSD works great
the only problem is not pre-installed Ms office 2021
extra headache for this
I bought this for 28990
Almost a deal breaker for me
Hope to be updated further as time goes by"
3,"Overall good laptop. But the display is not as per expectation. For mid level performance, product is good."
3,It is an i5 processor but still always below grade performance.
3,"All over good in this price range but leanavo need to add some things like figure frint sensor and one problem is that while closing laptop screen there vovle the screen ...😭and heating problem while charging is a big issue
But all over good 3 /5
Go for it college students
Not for gaming purpose 😞"
3,Laptop is good but battery should be improved or performance in gta 5 only get 80 fps on high settings
3,Good for students
3,battery backup is giving low battery power
3,Good performance and great display
3,"Laptop is good 💯
But I can't test it's GPU
I need GTA5 (free) to test
Can anybody havin a link 🔗
Please send 😅
.
It is heating too much as compared to Lenovo LOQ laptop 💻"
3,Some heating issues occur after the switch-on.
3,Battery very bed bed product HP
3,Battery and display are average otherwise it is a good product.
3,All are good except battery...
3,Lenovo Laptop is to slow
3,the laptop is good no doubt especially after this generous discounts from Flipkart. but why the ms office 2021 is not included even though promised by sellers is not clear. can flipkart shed light on this. we will be much obliged.
3,Display not good
3,"The laptop is excellent in performance wise. The only problem is the keyboard. alphabets/numbers/signs are very hard to visualize as the printing is in a very dull/light color and the color of the laptops as well the keys are silver. unless you are a typing expert, it will be very hard for you to type.
Apart from this the Laptop is performing excellent so far."
3,The quality is ok ok as per price
3,Face Lock have are not
3,"Over all' good 👍
But battery backup is very poor only 1-2 hours"
3,Battery is not good and performance better
3,Only 2 hours battery backup .
3,"The charging speed of the laptop is very poor it almost takes 3 hours to complete the charge. Although the battery backup is excellent. Other things like display, build quality, sound quality is impressive.
The only concern is the charging speed."
3,"Device is good , performance, battery, display all good but no driver support no official site for drivers"
3,"After 4 months of my usage, charging cable type c to type c was not working because it was made of low quality so need to buy new wire for that.

Apart from that performance wise completely satisfied one"
3,"After 1 week use .

According to body keyboard is small so trackpad is very large so if you wear watch or anything in your hand you will not be able to type properlyz .
Display is perfect
Performance is good
Battery is Ok."
3,I just recommend who use less time in laptop
3,Good laptop this price
3,Battery very bad almost 90 % low in 2 hour from full charge
3,Battery drains too fast
3,Good for Normal use.
3,Ok for price
3,It is slow not very much but not smooth also it runs like a 10k laptop
3,Nice condition 👌👌👌
3,I am dissatisfied with the battery life. Though it's noted to last for eight hours with a full charge it lasts for five hours only.
3,Like the product no give any gift item.
3,Battery backup is not good 100% charged laptop use continuously only 120 min
3,"Inspite of i3 12th gen its a little slow.
Apps take time to open."
3,Speaker sound is very low. Display is not at all clear if you look from an angle. Average product
3,"There is some problem in the keyword. A bunch of keys stop working abruptly. These keys include- S, caps lock, 5, 6, 0, and delete."
3,Mouse pad not working and it was just after 2 week of purchase.
3,Sometimes touchpad not work very well.
3,Battery backup Is not Good. It's only 3-4 hours.
3,Sound low
3,"used till for 2 months, my 2 keys are already not working, - '0' and 's'.
Keyboard plastic quality looks cheap.
I have connected with an external keyboard, mouse, and display and it works like a charm.
Increased the memory to 24GB, and added 16 GB ram and it is working good.
It supports update 64 GB. you can also check in cmd using the command - ' wmic memphysical get maxcapacity' and divide the value with 1024 twice.
It boots and shuts down fast."
3,The touch pad of the laptop is not perfect
3,A bad cooling system shuts down every time while playing video games buy a cooler if you're buying this
3,Keyboard Light Is Too much Pretty 😍.. Value For Money.
3,Gud
3,It is very bad product.
3,Screen is very Cheap hard to see anything from aa wide angle
3,"After using 20 days , i saw my eyesight reddish and week 😢😢😢"
3,The laptop overheats too much in normal day to day tasks too and that's the only issue nothing else to complain about
3,"I am so disappointed in the laptop.. it have the worst battery backup even if you just do browsing and watch video.This laptop will not last more than 2 hrs ..
So if you looking for a laptop that have good battery don't by this"
3,Good prodackt
3,"Just Good, not 😔 0"
3,Value for money
3,Display quality is not good
3,Bluetooth not connect in any device.
3,NYC product
3,"System is ok. But it has some serious issues while using zoom. Our camera is blinking completely. Its like blinking TV screen! It makes the product unusable. And the support from Flipkart is very poor, always displaying computer generated messages with only few human staffs."
3,Average ok
3,Battery drain quickly
3,"The product is ok like fans makes lot of sound and one thing for gamers that the tgp of the gpu is 65 watt and works in-game in ,50w-55w so carefully choose your device"
3,"So much sound and wifi network connection issue,
The even tooth stable wifi and internet connection it gives pathetic network issue, always up and down in few seconds.

Sound and network issue got fixed with automatic driver update. But later found
Bluetooth doesn't work even with bluetooth 5.0 phone"
3,"The product is good but the backlit keyboard is not available in IdeaPad slim 1.
Kind of cheating by Flipkart.
They have given mixed reviews of IdeaPad slim 3 in this product."
3,"Value for money best quality display work without hang and lag , overroll performance is so good but bettery backup is poor arround 2-3hour"
3,Performance is good. But the battery drains very fast. 2 hrs on normal usage. Disappointed.
3,IT IS A GOOD LAPTOP OVERALL BUT THE ONLY CONS IS BATTERY DRAINS TOO FAST.BATTERY DRAINS IN 1.30 TO 2 HOURS MAX.
3,"Overall the laptop is excellent, only one drawback is the display, it has screen bleeding near bottom bezels, quite annoying when watching movies, you can clearly see bright smoke light at the bottom. Its the first time I have seen screen bleeding, you would expect a laptop costing more than 1 lakh should have a good flawless display, not the case here. quite disappointed with the display. that is all."
3,"After 2 week used review.
1. Performance is good. (* * * * 4star)
2. Battery backup very, very, poor....2 to 3hour max to max, just watch movie or normal web search.
3. When I used heavy vfx work... battery backup 1:30 To 2hour only.
4. Battery backup - ( minus 4star )"
3,Bad 👎🏻
3,As per value
3,Product is good only chrome no storage but windows operating system laptop is best
3,"Laptop is good but in spite of going with the highest features, the laptop gets stuck so many times, we need to switch it off and on it to start working again. Not really happy overall."
3,Display is not good.
3,There is a very bad display quality so don't buy it.
3,Performance is no good 😡
3,Battery issue
3,"Doesn't meet the expectations.
Battery backup not good. I can feel slowness. Sound quality is bad and louder
Kindly go for A17 version which is far better than this.
And avoid Intel processor.
I recommend ryzen equivalent"
3,Battery is very poor. for normal usage battery comes for around 01:30 Hrs only. otherwise good in that product.
3,Performance is good but Major con is not having Backlight keyboard.Mixing other models reviews and photo's in this product.
3,I didn't get any blacklight option on keyboard 😡😡
3,Worst speakers
3,"using it for 1 week. Looks good. performance satisfactory at least for normal use. Screen and viewing angle is also very good. Build quality very plasticky and need more care in handling.
user accessible m.2 slot seems to be a show piece. nvme or non-nvme...neither type of m.2 ssd works in that slot. you cannot put nvme there due to slot mis-match. non-nvme goes into the slot, but OS doesn't recognise the storage. Extremely annoying stuff from Acer.
Charger is of 3rd party, not sure what else...
READ MORE"
3,Design is great but one main problem is ms office not available and sound quality very low
3,I find any extraordinary performance all together. Display quality is very inferior to other brands when compared. Battery is easily drained. What I liked is only its design.
3,"Everything is perfect
Would be happy if ms office was also included"
3,Poor display quality...
3,At the time of order product specifications show 'backlit keyboard-yes. ' but in reality the laptop has no such feature. Other than that I'm happy about the product.
3,"Review after approx 4 mth of usage
The only cons:- battery life not more than 2 hr
:- Display is not good , while turning sideways it turns black
:- Speaker low volume
Performance is good enough at this price"
3,"Performance is good, Sound is ok, Screen brightness is low, but the main drawback is the battery backup. 3-4 hours normal work. Editing or gaming 1-2 hour."
3,"This is a good laptop. I'm happy with it. Since SSD harddrive and 8GB RAM have been installed, the performance of the system is quite good. Thank you Flipkart for delivering on time."
3,Not so hardy and battery back up is too poor. Using for last 15-20days and not at all satisfied.
3,Laptop is well but it is made with low quality fibre and easily breakable. So hardware part must be made durable .
3,This laptop from hp is good for learners and students. The battery backup is not up to mark and big drawback of the laptop is heating issue.
3,Excellent products over all good
3,Heating so much
3,Speaker is not good quality sound is very low
3,"Well i am satisfied with the product , i will give my dtailed review after 1 or 2 months. ,after using it for almost 1 month feel battery is dischargeing very quickly, its not worth for professional Students.for simple gameing laptop it could do the work if we are connected to charging , otherwise gameplays are not worthy."
3,If you want laptop with best performance then only buy this laptop... because display of this laptop is total let down...i regret buying this laptop as display quality is poor 😑.
3,I'm satisfied with its performance. But the display quality is very bad.
3,"Performance wise it is good but the edges of the laptop will start to wear out.
The screen got scratches from Day 1 itself."
3,ok
3,Battery not good percentage drains as soon
3,Not best but it's ok ok
3,Product is not good and battery life is also very bad .it is totally waste if money
3,Please don't take this laptop if you want to work for 2 or more hours. Battery is very bad. Build quality is also not as good as expected. Performance and design is good for this price.
3,"Backlit keyboard was mentioned in the 16gb ram variant, but no backlit given in the laptop 😡"
3,Battery backup 1.5 to 2 hr at normal use.
3,Display quality is not good except that everything is good overall value for money
3,"Battery performance is too poor, overall good 👍"
3,Not Bad Value For Money
3,Display is average.rest everything is good
3,Bad
3,"Good for Normal use

Battery 7/10
Display 6/10
Multitasking 9/10
Build quality 8/10
Camera 2/10
Keyboard 10/10
Trackpad 10/10
Microphone 10/10

For web surfing, Watching movies, listening songs(not much good speakers), attending classes, YouTube and medium multitasking ( can easily handle 3 to 4 *medium usage* apps at a time) this laptop is good.

*It do not have LAN port*

Processor is not too good but SSD and 8 GB ram Full fills that incompleteness.

If you are looking laptop as a student ...
READ MORE"
3,The laptop was good but the display quality was not expected that low quality
3,Strictly for someone who wants to do work at home or any online class... Whatever if you want a Chromebook this laptop is a perfect choice
3,"The major flaws regarding this laptop:
1. Screen quality is just OK
2. Webcam quality is horrible,
3. Only 2 USB Ports"
3,Heating issues otherwise ok for basic works and browsing
3,"Great laptop in low price..
Value for money..🔥👌"
3,Heating issues. But overall nice
3,Overall decent product in terms if display and performance otherwise good in boot time app management and other normal usages. Display is HD @30k price that is ok and performance average for normal usages not for heavy work. Go for if ssd and ms office is your priority. Otherwise consider lenovo or asus fir better design.
3,Amazing performance just the battery health is little low if with update it can be fixed then it would be an amazing product at this prize range
3,Overall good for this budget but need to improve some futures and battery life 4hours max and no keyboard lights
3,Hot very fast😕
3,Nice product but display is not good
3,"Looks could've been better. However, performance is good, display is bright, good processor, battery and charging is fine. Overall a good product at this price.
No keys backlight, sound is low."
3,Overall the product is not bad except display and battery backup.
3,battery not good other is osam
3,"Heating issue after issuing few times
Screen is not up to the mark but i think it was worthy"
3,Over all is good but... laptop sound very low also battery time is low
3,Guys please check your warranty first because in my case it was only five month left remaining for warranty. Seller don't tell you that it is refurbished or return item. Over all nice product.
3,"Review after 14 months, battery backup is very good 💯 almost 3-4 hours running without any problem, display quality is low 🔅 and performance is better for avarage work no any problem."
3,"Speed is low
Ubuntu wifi not supporting"
3,Overall performance is good but antivirus is not given
3,The battery is Okay. Display is dull and the boot despite every app turned off - takes mpre than 25 sec to turn on.
3,Laptop is getting more heat after 30 min usage.
3,Small Size and Easy to carry.... Value for Money 💰
3,It looks smaller and lighter in weight and the design is also cool but the processing speed is not good.
3,The body of the product is very cheap quality
3,Product is good but sound quality is bad and the keys of touchpad are also not working properly
3,"The laptop looks premium, the design and handling is great, lid opening is smooth, full HD display is excellent, it is buttery smooth and it is very fast to operate. It comes with Original inbuilt MS-Office 2021 student version (excel, Word, PPT) with lifetime validity which you won't be getting in its competitor range laptop
Pros:
1)Premium looks.
2) Good build quality and finish
3)There is no lag so far. Multitasking and gaming is smooth and fast.Boots up in a lightning speed (Thanks to SS...
READ MORE"
3,"This is the best laptop at this price (I got it at 34k)
i3 1215u is the best and it beats ryzen 5 5500u with Big performance (Intel is doing a pretty good job with its processors)
Build quality is ok


Cons....
But the worst thing about this laptop is the DISPLAY, it's not anti-glare.. it's 2023 it will be the worst to not include anti glare... I mean as a manufacturer, it will literally cost you additional not more than 700rs for this display to include anti glare...and you could have chang...
READ MORE"
3,This price range is OK but sound quality is very low
3,"Display is very poor. I am not satisfied with display. I tried to return it. But it has no return policy ,it has replacement policy only. It has only 474 gb space with apps."
3,Display and sound quality is poor and battery is average rest it's good at this range with ryzen 5.
3,"No Backlit Keyboard,
Overpriced Product."
3,Using this laptop for 15 days and still now there is no such issue. I upset as I was not provided backlit keyboard as specifications said for this particular item.
3,Everything is gud but the charging cable is not so premium it's look very cheap.. otherwise product is nice
3,It have no Ips display
3,"Product was ok for general office work. Took too much time to deliver. At 42k, it is high for AMD processor"
3,"Reviewing this after 1.5 months of usage.

If you are someone who's aiming for a decent student/basic office work laptop, this may be the ideal choice for you. Without any doubt, this model can handle all the basic tasks required of a budget laptop like a charm. Battery life is one of its biggest advantages where you can get around 6-7 hours of on-screen time with your Wi-Fi on and more if not connected to the internet. Even though I haven't tried gaming/coding or don't intend to do so, there...
READ MORE"
3,"I got this for 26k during the big billion sale with exchange. Within 30k this is a steal deal otherwise don't buy it for 40k as the display is mediocre, processor, battery is okay performs as mediocre dont expect huge performance as this is normal spec laptop not for gaming or professional usage. I am disappointed with display which is just basic HD and not like Asus oled. But again within 30k go for it."
3,Battery backup is not given as Mentioned in the features.
3,Always good but you long time it's heating problem
3,"Product is good, but HP support is not very supportive. There is some confusion about warranty dates and they have not been able to reflect it accurately in their system. I hope HP stays true to the 1 year onsite warranty on this machine. Other than the warranty issue, I am happy with this purchase."
3,"Touchpad not working properly...
If we use laptop then it will be very hot ..."
3,"Battery backup is not good hardly lasts for 2hrs , display brightness is not that bright. Performance, looks and design are good"
3,Laptop is good but when I start it there is screen is flashing as if there is a problem in the motherboard
3,Performance is bad and display is good.. overall is not good for users
3,Good laptop in the price range with overall features. Battery is not functional.
3,Screen is not good enough consider price otherwise it is ok for Basic use it was good.
3,Build quality is not good.
3,Battery drain even in the switch off mode is the main problem of this laptop and also screen was blinking after 12 days of my purchase
3,Good for student s
3,"West of money this is chrome book not a laptop
Battery problem refresh problem or short key's problem. Etc"
3,"This a good product and this came in budget so value for money but if you have any work with window applications like ppt,excel,worksheet so I suggest that you should buy other products"
3,"For a new laptop it seems a bit sluggish, probably requires more optimisation. Sound output is extremely low as if non existent. Overall design , display, battery backup--- moderately good. Will do normal day to day work but don't expect anything more than that. Ram is soldered and non upgradable."
3,"U can only use the laptop while charging only, don't buy this laptop if you prititize battery. I do only coding and in 1 hour 50% of battery is over. Think before buying...."
3,Either I got an old battery with new laptop or the laptop has a battery issue because the battery decays from 100% to 17% within 3.5 hours. I have never seen this kind on decay in new laptops
3,"Using it for almost a week now,

Pros

1. Premium look and feel.
2. Fast and did not notice any lag, haven't tried any huge apps or games. Tried just vs code, eclipse and asphalt 9, it all ran smooth.
3. Sound quality is very good but not too loud.
4. Display is bright and crisp.
5. Battery backup is great and chargers quick.

Cons

1. Sometimes the laptop doesn't trun on when clicked on power button when not plugged in. Only turns on when plugged in to charge. Not sure if it's defect or miss...
READ MORE"
3,Battery has some issues
3,This is a good laptop overall but if you play game it offers some lag please note it .. thank you battery is good
3,"Processor is good , charger is typce c , battery is average upto 3 hours , display is poor as it is not ips , less price we can get ips display . Overall comapared there is ips display laptop you can go with that."
3,The performance is low as expected considering the processor. But the most disappointing factor is the display quality. Very poor viewing angles and dull colors. Such displays should not exist even at this price range. Sound seems okay. If possible go for a full HD display and a better processor.
3,This model is heated when it running
3,Best packing and products
3,"Display is bright enough but not fhd. Performance is enough at this price. Multitasking will not support starts lagging on opening 3-4 apps. But for normal users its good.
For watching videos and browsing its good.
Don't expect too much performance from this lap. For study purposes its good at the price range."
3,No hd display.
3,Is lagging some time
3,Lagging issue
3,"1 Build quality avarage
2 sound quality avarage
3 design good
4 display quality very poor
5 Battery avarage 3hr normal use
6 Display very bed"
3,Display quality is really pathetic.
3,"Its perfect for the students who want basic laptop,gives good performance and has good battery life..it offers everything a budget laptop can offer.. except the screen.. display quality is not upto the mark..every else is fine"
3,Product is good for student or small office purpose
3,Just ok
3,"No issues with laptop ,, Only issue with screen ,it flicker when low brightness, usually we dim brightness in night ,, so save money with tft display with same features"
3,It's nice laptop 💻 but sometimes it's stop working I called service centre the problem is still not solved.🫤
3,"Normal design, performance is good, battery drains very fast.241gb only SSD so plan your purchase accordingly."
3,"Battery backup is exactly 5 hours which is good.
But I found the speaker not upto the mark, still a good product in this price range."
3,Good laptop
3,The product is okay for regular use. Sometimes when it is loaded heavily video in YouTube freezes where you want to reduce the resolution. Not useful for programming or gaming. If your use is just for daily use email checking it fulfills your requirement
3,Everything Is Good But Speakers Is Very Very Worst...
3,Nice to
3,I think product is good but I am not satisfied with battery backup
3,"I bought this laptop on 19th August 2023
It is good but battery drains fast, you will have to buy Microsoft Package , there is no inbuilt Ms ppt or ms word. You will have to use Google doc and ppt. Laptop and mobile cannot be connected through Bluetooth, camera quality not up to the mark.
Touch 10/10."
3,Average not worth
3,"Laptop is good upto some extent...I mean considering the price , product is decent . You can't expect much from the entry level laptop . Sound was just okaish ,rest you can do regular ofc work easily. Screen neither bad nor very good. Pls note you can do casual gaming but not heavy. Laptop gets heated sometimes."
3,Sound quality is too low
3,"screen size is 15inches not 15.6
low audio"
3,"The product is very good. The BBD deal made it even better. Value for money and future proof. The delivery experience though, was very bad. Took a very long time. 7 extra days and 8-9 customer support calls taken to deliver the product."
3,"The product is good. Processor is fast, touch screen response is great but the con here is poor sound system. Keeping in mind, bang and olufsen is installed, quality of speaker is really poor.
Overall: 3.5/5"
3,Sound quality is worth of money
3,"Product is good , performance ok but battery backup time is low"
3,Best leptop
3,Inbuilt speakers are not good at all. You can't enjoy music.
3,"After a week my display goes off and blackout,only the cursor arrow moves but the remaining display is laid blank.

Now I have to go to store for repair."
3,"Good product, fast delevry, value for money,
Sound Volume is very low, not clear"
3,Performance is good. Display is good. Battery backup is poor. Maximum 2hrs you can use it.
3,"KEY BOARD BACK LIGHT

I haven't find backlight on keyboard disappointed..... Rest all good"
3,"Pros:
The design is good, the screen is crisp. The overall speed of the laptop is good.
Cons:
Frequent heating while charging.
While running zoom, the issue occurs with speaker due to AI audio. They need to improve their AI software.
Overall 7/10 given the price of the product."
3,"The product is perfect except the battery, for office use this one is oke... But the battery is very bad... It will show it as 7 hour..6 hour etc but won't even last 2 hour even if you are playing movie."
3,Normal
3,Good Laptop for beginners
3,Everything is working fine.... battery sometimes showing 6 hours backup sometimes 2 hours...and backlit keyboard is missing
3,Laptop is good.seriously good for students but battery performance is average.laptop is okay 👌 for the price
3,Screen size is small .Not according to configuration.but corner to corner it is 15 inch
3,Battery back is very low ..even normal use battery drains in 2 hours ..
3,"It has some minor bugs, like the cursor hangs a lot. And then you have to restart it for the cursor to start working again."
3,"Good, 👍 but
Not very good.."
3,very good
3,"I don't like this product due to limited access to offline functionality, limited storage and cannot run traditional desktop software."
3,on off issue
3,"Performance is good. Fast boot up. But it has heating issue. It gets heated up quickly compared to other laptops. At certain times, speakers produce cracking, distorted sound.I had to call Dell customer service and got my speakers replaced. Also on heavy load, it gets shut down unexpectedly. Not fully satisfied. But good purchase at this cost."
3,"Sound quality poorest of all the laptops I have
It took 2 hours to set up windows

Pura online needed
Without Internet it is impossible to boot in😞😞"
3,"Battery back up is very bad.1-2 hour.
Also sound is very low.

Although it is good. But not value for money.."
3,Hanging problem
3,"Dont buy this because of two 4GB RAM adds more money if you want to extend to 16gb, then two 4gb rams go waste, waste of money"
3,Best price under 50k ..and just build quality it's good but otherwise internal software is slow scrolling and lacking 😑..so it's good not overall bad
3,"The product is good according to price but display is huge minus
Remaining it is a good product"
3,Ok for mon
3,good laptop but fans start with a word file open. I would prefer a mackbook.
3,Waste of money
3,Laptop is ok but it is heating up after 1hour of usage and battery life is upto 4-5 hours only. Display is good . Charging needs to be improved because it is not a fast charging device
3,Everything is good except display
3,Medium
3,Not for gaming
3,Thanks
3,It does not support 4K videos
3,Camera quality is not very well
3,Battery worst drain faster never recommend this model to anyone
3,Good but laptop design not good
3,Laptop is fine . attractive look but speaker are useless.
3,Sound quality or battery is not good otherwise it's okay.
3,"The design is good, Sleek and eye catching.
Performance is okay.
The battery is not that good.
Display is perfect.
Sound is very low.
Service and long lasting - will update soon."
3,All over good in this price segment.
3,"Good product. Overall provides value for money. But display is not upto the mark. It looks very blurry if you looking at it from side angles.
Dark corners looks very bad"
3,It's performing well so far. But battery drain really quickly!
3,"Product is good but one basic feature is missing
Keyboard backlight not available
Not really happy for this
flipkart doesn't mention this specifications"
3,Sound quality is very low. You cannot activate student version McAfee antivirus with personal hotmail account
3,Everything will be alright but display Not good.
3,I will review it after 1 year of use.This was a good laptop according to price but there was a main problem in the display there were some glitch in display and the display become black for a second. That was the major problem I will face after 2 week of buying
3,Good overall product but build quality is mediocre.
3,Nice
3,"It's good product..... with budget.....
But battery backup problem issue is most priority...."
3,Laptop is best for study type
3,Excellent laptop with best features worth buying it
3,Performance is okay....but delivery is toooo late.
3,Battery heat up very high after using 10 minutes
3,"Everything is okay but speakers are very very low quality and sound very low iam not satisfied this speaker quality
But laptop ok"
3,In budget this is the okay choice 😐
3,"Overall the best one, but the Webcam is the worst camera ( Too Bad )."
3,Sound is not good
3,"Good, battery back up is not like mentioned. Overall good"
3,Battery drains very fast
3,"The display is so bad in all angles except for straight-viewing .I suggest you never buy any laptop that doesn't have an IPS or an oled display ,otherwise your whole experience will be bad and you will regret . The battery is decent, 3.5 hours. Design-wise its good . If they had provided an IPS panel with this display , it would have been an all-rounder in this price segment."
3,Better to purchase a better phone
3,Thank you
3,OK but no spped
3,Good for one handed use
3,It's battery charge takes long and it runs out quickly all the other stuff are excellent in this laptop
3,Best quality and performance
3,This product is good and performance according to price is best bus I think is build quality is point of compromise
3,"It's ok with all features.But if you just flip the cover without shut down ,in next opening the system does not responds."
3,Keyboard lights are absent in this model
3,"The only problem with this laptop is its thermal management which is poorly done. Even when doing light tasks its gets certainly warm on the keyboard surface.
Rest the processor is good, fine display and the overall software experience.
But avoid buying Dell laptops as they will get hot under light to moderate usage which is not expected.
Dell should improve its thermal management in laptops."
3,"I bought today...all are good...but sometime my touchpad doesn't work...okay now... let's see what will be happening...
Battery is low"
3,Battery low
3,Very good 😊
3,"Product did not on on arrival. It took 12 hours for the laptop to on after charging.
Good features."
3,"===Review after 5 months===
Screen burn-in observed, I can see taskbar icons always oln the scree. Screen Looks very good, but actual quality is very poor.
========================
⚠️Warning ⚠️⚠️
❌ note that, This laptop is not equipped with a fan for cooling,
Backside is getting REALLY HOT.
This will definitely reduce the life of the CPU.
EXTREME COST CUTTING.
🟢Use it only for simple jobs.
🟢Always turn on battery saver mode.
Even a few chrome tabs can heat up the laptop, and high tempe...
READ MORE"
3,Im using ofter 16 days but ok
3,It's good product
3,"May be it is value for many product, normally we can use for office work as like type of Excel project etc.it does not sustain for major loading work like editing havy games.Major issue is when you suffering on browser then overheating problem occurs at normal room temperature but when you using in cooling area or in room temperature it is fully away some.Now we are facing issue in my product is white line highlighted side on display cover and about warranty guaranty when was product is deliv...
READ MORE"
3,Good
3,Not bad but finger sensor not given
3,"Experience is good battery performance is not good for gaming performance is best.
Super"
3,Product was good but sometimes it's lag little bit
3,Good product but fingerprint button missing in this laptop. That's not good.
3,"The battery is not that good, laptop heats up also the performance is average for high end."
3,"8gb /512 SSD , performance was good and display was ok side and top angles of display are not good"
3,Backlight keyboard is not there in this price range
3,The product is just ok.. Good for studying not for heavy work at all.
3,"Display: Decent
Build: Not Good
Performence: Nice
Battery: Trash"
3,Ok ok type
3,Battery backup very poor
3,Very poor battery performance
3,When plugged in there is a build up charge one can constantly feel on aluminium keyboard maybe design is haphazard
3,"The sd card reader and less numbers of usb ports are an issue, even there are no solution except graphics card for XG Mobile, rest the console is great"
3,"Day 3 of owning the unit. Everything seems to be doing well as of now, with few bugs here and there which is to be expected on Windows 11.
Will come back to give detailed review after using it for few more weeks. Whether the controls are still working or not, and in depth review of the product. Overall, happy with the item I received for now."
3,"Waste of money. You get the extra bang for the buck with the performance and a killer screen but at what cost? What's the point of a handheld that lasts only 2 hours on battery life? Also, windows is a terrible OS for a handheld. I ended up nuking windows and running Steam OS on this. Another headache though is getting armoury crate on steam os. Couldn't control the wattage so had to end up back on windows which is absolutely useless for a handheld device without a keyboard and a mouse. Get a...
READ MORE"
3,Just okay! the major problem i face with this laptop is that the battery runs out very quickly😐Although this laptop has U letter which is known for its good battery life. Asus laptops have been disappointing in terms of battery😔
3,The plastic quality is very poor. It's not storange
3,Descent product all body are plastic
3,Product is good but sound quality is not good
3,"Looking good, light weight, good display and good speaker but heats like hell."
3,"It's value for money for basic work, like working on office or browsing. Battery backup is decent, display is awesome. Only problem is heating, gets too hot underneath while continuous working for an hour but it doesn't affect the performance of laptop. overall decent laptop"
3,Performance might be upgrade slightly if it done best lap under 20k
3,laptop is good I am using since 2 month there is no problem but one thing is this laptop use for normal use not for 2 to 3 hour use because it heat every laptop heating problem but not big problem good in budget
3,Very good product infinix
3,"Worst laptop, waste money, high Heating issue, hanging problem"
3,Looks good but heating more. And Performance is good.
3,It's a good 👍
3,Nice 👌🏻 display
3,"This laptop comes with good hardware, but it thermal throttles extremely. Especially the white and black colour comes with sub par cooling system and the fan has started making a weird cranking noise which is suspect is from a bad bearing in the fan. As you can see the cpu only has one heat pipe and GPU has two . Which is less that the blue model (blue model has 4 or 5 heat pipes) and they are with a copper colour. I upgraded the ram to 48 gb. The build in ram is a crucial 16gb stick clocked ...
READ MORE"
3,"Positive Side :-
1. Display is no doubt Full HD.
2. It is perfect for basic usages using MS Office.
3. No hiting problem found.
4. Weight is so light to carry anywhere.
5. Backlit Keyboard is Provided.
6. Ram can be extended upto 16 GB.

Negative Side ;-
1. Battery backup is below average 20% exhausted within 30 minutes after 3 hours of full charge as mentioned in the user manual.
2. Performance is not as expected, it's slow enough, it becomes trouble as to sometimes it starts lagging when I...
READ MORE"
3,This is good 👍
3,It is ok for the price but nothing special. I would give it only 3 out of 5 stars because it needs some improvement but rest it is good.
3,"The product has low built-in quality.
The battery 🔋 exhaust very soon.
The performance as per the specs are not ok"
3,Battery is not all all for this laptop. Co shud think about the battery life
3,"Too heavy for a laptop, keyboard is average quality and speakers sound is too low. Only good thing is i9 and 32GB ram at this price."
3,Very low audio output for the laptop and build quality is okay not so good.
3,Performance ✅ Battery❌
3,"I did not say that when I ordered this product, the RAM in it was already showing signs of leakage and the battery backup in it is not good at all It is good in low budget, I would say it is very good but I am returning it because I have to buy some other laptop"
3,"Overall performance is good with the RTX 2050 dlss support but,it feels lagging while it is not plugged in it is lagging on even normal use like surfing or office task when it is not plugged in don't know windows-os bug or something and battery life is not good."
3,"Everything is great
Pros:
1. The backlight keyboard looks so cool
2. Anti glare screen
3. 144 hz refresh rate screen
4. Decent sound quality
5. Best gaming laptop in this price segment
6. Best for programming, web development, Android development, video editing, and other graphics works or any other heavy softwares run smoothly in this laptop.
7. I purchased this product in 2023 November at 47k, if you get more discount then you should definitely go for this.
8. Design is also good.

Cons:
...
READ MORE"
3,Battery performance is not to the mark and sound quality is very low. Other features are okay.
3,"I got today Delivered but after 2 ,4 hrs usage it's buttery smooth performance,and battery 🔋👍,32gb rAm/1TB storage 👌,once i update review on performance after an month
Iam updating a review a week use
Keypad was not smooth it's very irritating
And Photoshop is running slow !
And other i update soon"
3,"On paper, laptop specs are too good but to believe in poor performance. Spent two full days trying to optimise after reciveing this laptop thinking some OS updates might improve performance.

Biggest issue is touchpad. second biggest issue is graphics card. Simple browsing causes jerky mouse moments. Two parellel running videos causing frame drops. worst performance. I rarely review products but felt like here come back share my feedback helping buyers who contemplating to buy this seeing spe...
READ MORE"
3,There are some issue with the trackpad it is not that responsive as it should be... Charging cable quality is bad
3,"Performance is good. Battery life is not as expected. In 4 to 5 hours battery is drained. While running heavy applications, laptop gets heated within 5 minutes in Balanced and Overboost mode. Speaker is not bad. Display is also not bad.
Main drawbacks are battery life and heating problem while running heavy applications."
3,Price wise worth not by performance wise. This is not functioning as per configuration if it is i9 13gen means that function like extra ordinary. Compare to my another i5 11th gen I should rate that performance was good
3,"price justified . Everything works as expected. After downloading drivers from their site
No issues with hardware after 15 days.
usb-c ports have slow speed (sata speed) (Not comparable to macbook).
But gen5 ssd runs like a butter giving speed of 7100 read and 6600 write faster than macbook
Linux run like butter very fast and windows does not have problem after doing an update"
3,Fingerprint not works mostly. Touchpad is sticky. Not fully satisfied.
3,touchpad is defective. rest everything is great
3,Still touch pad issue
3,Worst display quality and mouse pad
3,"Designers and developers don't buy this laptop by looking at the specs. The performance is okay. But the display, font rendering, touch pad is worst of worst. Touch pad do not work properly, the click is very bad some times you have to click more times. In case of display the font blurry and not readable. Again I'm saying designers and developers don't buy this. For watching films it's okay."
3,"That's is awesome
No lag no issue
Only battery drain issue
But this range
Laptop was superb"
3,Ms office not in free
3,"Sound is very low, I saw the first laptop with such a low volume"
3,Overall a good laptop is just one complaint against Volume of Speakers. Volume is very low
3,Go for 16gb or upgrade from 8gbram .... 8gb ram is not sufficient for this lap
3,"I bought this laptop on 7th October at 49240, I thought I purchased a laptop but it is a Laptop cum Heater.. performance mode without doing any task 50-58c, you have to run in turbo mode..anyway good for me, winter is arriving. And in terms of performance to be honest it exceeded my expectations this is a beast."
3,Ok good
3,This is the problem USB Charger does not support and mouse pad not working properly
3,Bad quality
3,display build quality is not so good but pixels are soo good i can see 8k video without any frame drops and overall laptop is good for budget people
3,Nice product value for money
3,Good quality
3,"Battery life is poor.

Sometimes slow and stutter."
3,Overall performance is good but battery backup is arround 3 hrs with normal use and heavy laptop 😅
3,"As mentioned Battery backup was showing 6hr but in standby mode only giving 3 hrs , worst battery backup"
3,Good but better.
3,All good but screen blinking problam and camera quality is very poor
3,Don't be a fool with 12 gen processor. If you want to play games or edit video then definitely this one is not for you. 16 gb version is better.
3,"1. Screen is good
2. Sometimes feels lagy
3. Design wise good
4. RGB keyboard 🤌
5. battery is 🥲"
3,This is good for those who want an upgrade from Android to a little higher version. MS office is not operated...only good for browsing and entertainment.
3,Nice it's a very good laptop for students basically if you want this to study it has to be your first choice 👌
3,No slot for memory card.
3,"Good,but lite damage and screen light issue"
3,"Must hai ...,❤️"
3,All Okkk
3,Having Heating issue
3,Heeting issue
3,Nice laptop 💻😀 and best price
3,"Poor Battery,
Heats up"
3,"Value for money, good performance but battery backup is only disadvantage and suitabke for outdoor, good for coding"
3,Its been one week since I purchased it so far so good. Decent laptop at this price.
3,Bad battery and sound other than that all ok
3,"Not very good, just normal use"
3,Worth for money and product it's good
3,Very good and I am fully satisfied
3,Average product. Display quality is not good.
3,Best
3,Nice work home job
3,It's OK may be purchase
3,Battery quality is poor. Battery 🔋 backup timing is in 1 hour. Laptop design is nice and performance is excellent. Display is not HD . Speaker 🔊 have excellent volume...
3,"OVERALL LAPTOP IS GOOD FOR SMALL USE,
SCREEN RESOLUTION 'BAD'."
3,"Purchased on Nov 29, 2020. The product was good with good performance. From two days back it is not working. It is not booting. Reported with HP customer care. As per their suggestions some diagnosis done by self and got the message that no hard disk installed. They sent today a service engineer and replaced the SSD drive. Now it is working. But I lost all what I installed on this lap. Originally I had office 2019 home. But it is not available. Only office 2013....

So customer support is ...
READ MORE"
3,The laptop is built is completely based on plastic so durability is question mark. at this movement it is fine but I do not think it is for longterm use.
3,Its good but not the best
3,"Performance wise too good but No kaypad light, Power LED on the edge, HD resolution and carbon fibre design.
Wld suggest to go with 15"" 4Gb RAM model which has FHD resolution with bigger screen and price difference of around 4 to 5K...ltr on add 4Gb ram for 1.5K."
3,"Overall nice performance with great cpu, Ram and SSD but missed on old wi fi connectivity. Most new age laptop offer 5 GHz wi fi"
3,Very Good product but after buy 1 month price reduce by 10% 😔
3,Sound don't like
3,Product is good but Keyboard is not working properly
3,Not bed average
3,"Performance is very good with given specifications but plastic body is very poor quality and display is not good.
Also backlit keyboard is not available, given keyboard is not comfortable."
3,"Product is ok but don't believe on no cost EMI.
Bank is taking extra charge and intrest. I have taken for 3 month."
3,It's a pure performance PC with limited incentives.. Everything is great except that it's doesn't support 5ghz wifi and seperate adapter would be required..In todays time dual band router are everywhere and both 2.4ghz and 5ghz are essential
3,Getting too much sound from fan
3,"It created problem while starting, on turning on and entering the password the display turned blank which scared me. But now its working properly."
3,Build quality is bad
3,Manufacturer is some 1 in China and not even HP china....that raises a question if this is a genuine product
3,not as m looking
3,"Only two way heat outlet and poor manufacturing Design , if gaming it extremely hot 70 degree celcius , but performance is excellent 👍, need development..... , other performance is all ok."
3,Nice.. but only demerit is sound. Sound quality is not good
3,Awesome multitasker 💥
3,Value of money...
3,i am giving 3 star this product because this product battery life is not lengthy. This item performance appreciable.
3,The performance of this laptop is good at this price so it can be a value for money laptop and overall it's good but the speaker sound is not so good but it's normal so if you wanna to buy a good laptop then just go for it..
3,"Plastic laptop, will get your work done. Nothing exceptional it's an average product. Feels delicate be careful while using it."
3,"Fingerprints are normally visible on body
Performance wise best deal
Screen is bleeding from edges i have noticed on last date of return policy and i requested return on product and called acer for this issue but they said its normal but i am not satisfied."
3,The TGP of the rtx3050 is 65W from which I'm unsatisfied but the overall performance is brilliant the sound quality and the charging is too good.
3,"This laptop is good for general use. Performance is good as per price range .

Pros : build and design.
Cons : storage"
3,Memory sige need to improve
3,Overall good for students beginners for attending online classes or doing small task.
3,"Very lovely
Best for office work
Really loved it❤️"
3,Microsoft office is not given in laptop
3,"After using 1 month to much noisy, frequently getting blue screen, finally un happy with this product"
3,"Audio-Very disappointing
Keys-Volume and brightness key is not working
Got an issue.....1st day.. writting.. your device ran in to a problem... I was not able to fix it easily..."
3,"review after 10 days of usage.
Display - 14inch HD display 6 Bit is average.
Battery- 36wh battery gives you upto 3 hrs of battery backup (it depends on your usage).
Charging- 50-55% in 1 hr.
Peocessor- Ryzen 3 3250u is a good processor for day to day task web browsing coding and other works.
Speakers- speaker quality is average.
Wifi- wifi range is low.
Ram- 8gb ddr4 micron technology ram you can upgrade upto 32gb of ram.
Storage- 256gb samsung ssd and also one free slot for hdd.
Webcam- ...
READ MORE"
3,"Product quality is good and reasonable for the price.. but the display is not that great for the price, and the most important thing is, sound is very very very very little.. worst speaker. You can't hear anything even when celing fan is on in your room. Better to connect it with some bluetooth speakers or wired speakers."
3,High price and quantity low
3,Speaker bad and overall good
3,"Coil whine issue make too much sound in starting booting window or application then sound make interval without earphone it is annoying. Plus warranty sticker for update and cleaning take to service center All Acer come with sticker Asus laptop are good in update and self cleaning. Heat from fan are direct throw to screen, design should need improvement from escape air"
3,Battery is not that good.
3,Laptop performance is good. Battery backup down without using laptop.
3,"Average
TN display low quality
Not IPS display"
3,Sound quality is not good as per the mony
3,"After using this laptop for 6 months this is honest review
1. Display - Outstanding 😁
2. Battery - Decent 🙂
3. Sound Quality - Disgusting 💩 🤮 (-1)
4. Performance - Outstanding 😆 (Although I faced some glitches earlier. )😐
5. Design - Decent But can be better 😗 if they give metallic body it could be much better.🥲 (-1)
6. Heating - it produces heat on heavy gaming but acceptable 🙃."
3,In this Price range ryzen 5 with 7 gen or 6 core is best.. But usb port so tight when i put pendrive.. Or camera quality so cheap... 2 point cut for this reason 🙏🙏.. I suggest go for upper model..
3,"2 problem
1 8 ram not enough for editing and gameing
2 battry drain quickly
After upgrading extra 8 gb ram Photoshop run smoothly"
3,It lags sometimes and I was unable to run GTA 5 for some reason. performance is ok
3,Super
3,Product all goods value for money but Ms office not included permanently
3,Good to go if you're a student.
3,Blindly go for it 😃
3,"Performance is good but the keyboard heats up a lot.
Trackpad might be better, Acer should give a glass trackpad.
Vents are in an awful place, as it is throwing air on the screen, the screen heats up. I don't know how much it will survive ?

Overall laptop heats up after a heavy task.

Companies should add a privacy shutter for the camera at least as it is a small addition.

Camera quality is not so good."
3,Not bad just use
3,"In this not window program
It's so hurts"
3,"The laptop was good but the speakers sound quality is very bad and also the reflection when we sit nearby light we can't see the display almost very difficult. When I sit below the fan with even on low speed the laptop display moves like a paper. Big drawbacks are speakers , reflection of objects ( if light is there you can't see the display)"
3,Battery backup is only for 1.5 to 2 hrs on normal use. Can't hear anything from speaker i think there is no speaker.
3,"I am sharing my review of this laptop after using it for two months. Overall, I have found the laptop's performance to be satisfactory. However, there are a few areas where it could be improved.

Pros:
- The laptop's performance is commendable. It handles everyday tasks and multitasking with ease.

Cons:
- The battery life is average. It tends to drain quickly, especially under heavy usage.
- The sound quality is subpar. The volume output is quite low, which can be disappointing when watchi...
READ MORE"
3,Battery problem
3,Battery backup is not good as expected
3,Go
3,Battery backup is very very poor
3,"Battery backup not good ,wrost battery backup"
3,Hey I am happy to buy this Laptop. I love it in all features in this laptop. I realised big problem in this laptop is Battery backup. Most of the time battery reduced as soon as depende upon uses. Normally battery backup 2 to 3 hours only.
3,"Superb for gaming and designing
Best in this range"
3,"Camera is very poor
Display average
Performance good
Design good"
3,Everything is good except battery
3,Good product
3,Display viewing angles are not good.battery average.
3,THANKS FOR GOOD PRODUCT AND SERVICE
3,I like degine value for money
3,nice
3,After about three months of usage the only issue I have is the excessive heating and the very low battery life. But design and performance is very
3,Battery backup is low.... lenovo laptop average product...
3,Ryzen 7 7435hs processor has no integrated GPU this means that 4050 is always turned on which contributes to better performance but awful battery life.
3,Battery lasted longer than my first relationship (2.5 hours). Listening to arijit singh songs on full volume since then still isn't getting over(weak speaker). Has more warmth than her. unlike her there's two way communication here as touchpad is very responsive. Fingerprint lock is nice as it only opens up to me. 5 stars for this -2 for My ex
3,"Unsatisfied by the quality of product. within 3 months of use, I've started noticing problem with trackpad. The right click of trackpad get's jammed some times."
3,"Value product...
👍👍👍👍"
3,Battery backup is very low. They could have given fast charger at least. Remaining things are OK. Build quality looks not so good. No functional issues for 1 week usage.
3,"The display is nice.
The battery doesn't stay for long.
Will heat up soon.
I tried video calling. It got heated up in 5 mins and started making some sound.
Speakers are average."
3,"Except the battery, everything is good.
Battery should be improved at this price range.
Somewhat heating issues are also there.
Display is awesome.
Keyboard is not interesting as much as we thought, it should be silent.
Speaker quality also should be improved."
3,"Battery drain so fast and quality of plastic is not good, rest all fine"
3,"I have received this product with well established condition even though it delayed by 5 days than regular schedule date. Its working smoothly.Only Battery back is less than expected.For continuous work only 5 to 6 Hrs.Maximum.
Expect Battery No other issue.Good"
3,"Though the laptop is good, you will face issues with MS Office. MS office 2021 not pre installed and It's a big struggle to get it installed and activated."
3,Not bad
3,"First of all the product is good.
Cons
The ports are tight.
There is not ethernet port .
No ms office.
Speaker is average.
Camera is Also average.
Pros
Ips antiglare display 250-300 nits
Design is good
Very light weight easily to carry
i3 13 gen 1305U new processor.

Overall product can be used for light work easily not recommend for gaming
But at this price you get ips display which is best"
3,Excellent product .
3,"No Driver Available in the official website

cstmr care support can't help

usb port r too tight

NO BACKLIT KEYBOARD
BUT
PERFORMANCE OKAY

BATTERY 3hr to 4hr
TYPE C CHARGING GOOD

CAMERA AVERAGE

IF U FORMAT NO TOUCH PAD WORKING NO WIFI WORKING
NO BLUETOOTH WORKING

My review not showing"
3,Good product but delivery too late wehne we will follow up by mail
3,"This laptop is very good considering the price range in which no more options available in the market but yet there are few cons you need to consider before buying it.
1) Limited Storage Slots - It comes with only 1 m.2 nvme slot. So in order to expand the store you have to replace the original with a new one.
2) The build of the laptop is totally plastic. So it can't handle any sudden damages.
3) Even with 4gb graphics card it struggles to provide decent frame rate in most of the games. ( Go...
READ MORE"
3,This laptop has 4+4GB Ram not 8gb I am a little bit upset with this varient.....
3,Laptop is ok but Atleast mention it's was 60Hz display
3,"Display 8 out of 10
Battery:- 4 out of 10
Performance 6 out of 10
Build and design:- 6 out of 10
Value for money 5 out of 10"
3,All good
3,I liked the product but the free purchase of Microsoft 365 personal didn't worked for me and when I tried to reach Flipkart support they didn't helped......product is good but not the service atleast for this product😑😑😑😑😑😑😑
3,"Not good only ok, because I am also using Dell i3 Inspiron 3000 series that is to good I am using Dell laptop in 2015 to till now it is working fine, with 2-3hrs battery back up now I am using hp new laptop that battery back up is also same."
3,Ok
3,I found the laptop to be ok ok. Very disappointed that only the trial version of MS Office is there. However the MS office was mentioned in the description. There is no MS office sticker on my laptop which I can see on the pictures provided by other reviewers. I also found it lagging sometimes while typing letters. Built quality could have been better.
3,Battery is not expected... sometimes automatically switch off due to heating don't know why battery heat very soon
3,"I resived this in 18.7.24 after 27.7.24 it's not warking

No user manual and warenty documents in box
Touch pad is not working properly"
3,Ok good for editing
3,Its battery gets drained in just 1 hour
3,"Disgusting Laptop Poor battery performance.
Victus all series battery back very low"
3,Best and good display built quality appritiate and classic
3,Better consumption is very bad
3,Build quality poor
3,"Usb port is too hard to insert any drive
And Take time to start"
3,Just started using. Seems to be ok.
3,"Battery backup is not good
The system got slow after 3 days of use"
3,Best Specs in current market but dill we have many in other popular brands with same specs and can be grabbed for the same price during the initial sale days
3,This is average justify price
3,Poor battery
3,I am telling you honestly that don't the laptop after seeing AMD Ryzen 7 and 16gb ram 1tb storage because its build quality is very bad. Whenever I touch anywhere on the laptop there is a irritating sound from the laptop .
3,Does the job
3,"Screen Bleeding issue 🤡🤡🤡 .
Well many of us not supposed to notice it in real life , cuz we will not be always watching dark screen whole time turning our lights off . But the issue is noticable , and at this price point unbearable also 🤬"
3,"I have used this laptop for 7+ months now.
Occasional hiccups with the OS are there and initially I faced a lot of problems which were mostly software related. Things worked fine only after a fresh install of windows.
Also a tip from me would be to completely disable optional updates on windows and only doenload the updates which are required.
DTS X ultra for the speakers has it's own problems now and then.
The biggest pro for me was the screen's size and quality along with a bright panel wh...
READ MORE"
3,"I have used this laptop for over a year, and I can definitely say that it is a great machine. However, I have encountered a few minor issues. The Predator Sense software is not functioning properly. I am unable to switch modes or control the fan speed. Additionally, the software is outdated and lags significantly. I would not recommend this laptop, and the customer service is very poor. I did not expect this."
3,All good but bluetooth not working and swith on automatically want to replace thank u
3,"Battery life was too good
,Display and working also good,
But small in size.
Sound quality is ok than i expected.
Weight less easy to carry
Over all Good.
I have worked this product for almost one month i really like it.
Use for students."
3,"Product is good according to me in the following aspects: design, battery, worth for money, portability, performance. It is attractive as well in terms of its aesthetic.
It’s best suitable for students who attend online classes.
However, it’s not compatible to take online classes and android applications are not working as affectively as they are in an android phone.
For everything we need Internet connection."
3,Ok it is good praduct thanks fof filpkart
3,Wrong description with reviews of other product. Seller trying to mislead customers with no video or total information about the product. Please don't buy as it is not supporting the basic apps for kids. Total waste of money
3,"Okayish product, no touchscreen unlike competing Asus ones in the same range. Display also is mediocre TN display with really bad viewing angles, colors and brightness. No memory card slot to expand the meagre 32GB ROM. Battery is phenomenal thanks to the mediatek ARM processor, also performance is better than the Intel celeron chromebooks in the same price range."
3,product is ok in this price range
3,Just average and finishing is not good... But accessories to good👍...
3,"got it for 61k during bbd. performance is quite good, day to day tasks are flawless, gaming performance is pretty good, battery life is strictly okay. on full charge it lasted me around 2 to 3 hrs max but if you change some settings like disabling the gpu and setting refresh rate to 60hz, you might be able to squeeze more battery life. as i am writing this review, the price listed is 69k i would say don't buy it at this high price. wait for the price to fall down to atleast 65k. thats the max...
READ MORE"
3,Finger print magnetic 🧲
3,It's okay to buy but there is battery draining problem
3,"Review after a month.....
The laptop is good but its battery backup is very less approx 2 hours and I play valorant which run well.

Power button :
If you press the power button with light pressure, it will not turn on. You have to apply a little more pressure."
3,Battery backup 2-3 hours. Otherwise this laptop is very good in this value
3,Heating problem
3,All its good but battery back up 2hr
3,Donot buy if you want better batterry performance . Maximum batterry life after fullcharge is 3 hour .apart from this side all is ok for this valuation
3,"The body colour was lossing, we must need to buy laptop skin"
3,Configuring is good but I didn't like build quality
3,Average performance
3,"Product is good for money ,but battery and sound performance is to looo."
3,Battery is not good .and I bought in 62.5k during the Big billion day .it's price has reduced so don't go by offer they keep changing the price . battery of hp laptop is havoc.hp battery must be upgraded. those who wants battery backup can go for other brands.
3,Battery back not good last upto 2.30 hrs only
3,Battery backup is very low
3,Overall it's a value for money
3,For students purpose is ok not bad 😕
3,Display is unbelievable but battery backup is so poor don't buy if you are looking for working professional
3,The product is amazing everything is perfect but the battery life is absolutely the worst which makes it a 3 star product.
3,No extra port for SSD that what told by HP help center. With 512 it's almost next to impossible to do routine development work
3,"Pretty bad audio

It's been 3 weeks since I started using this laptop. I see that the performance of this laptop is satisfactory, no major issues noticed as of now.

Only thing that I would specifically mention here is that the volume is very less when compared to any other laptops. Also being an audiophile, I feel that the clarity of the sound is not good.

Previously I had lenovo laptop and I experienced awesome audion in there. Expecting the same, I bought this laptop but to my surprise, ...
READ MORE"
3,"Good laptop. Don't expect too much. The build quality is not string. So you have to be careful in handling. Not sure about the durability hence. Performance is fine so far as it's new. Its claimed IPS screen, but I felt the screen quality is inferior. My one of the purpose to buy this laptop was IPS screen, but the picture quality is not impressive. Sound is ok."
3,"Just found one huge drawback i.e. display. In the price range performance, battery and Design meet the requirement but display quality is really poor."
3,Quite goood
3,Product is good but battery is not work as expected and camera is not good
3,"Keyboard letters are not clearly visible in Day light. Creating problems in typing and moreover, Battery backup is not good at all"
3,Display is bad.performance is average. Cant say a FHD display
3,"Battery drain fast, display not up to the mark, backlight KB is good.delivery on time"
3,Nyc
3,Display and speakers are bad.
3,Poor display
3,sound is too low and heavy heating issue
3,Very poor speaker ...screen is excellent and so.is performance ...
3,The oled display and resolution is sleek and awesome. But the power button/finger print sensor takes some time to sense and switch on. It is lagging.
3,Don't buy Extended warranty because it doesn't cover laptop battery so It's not worth. Overall Laptop is decent
3,ok ok lap
3,body not good as well as dell/HP
3,Overall it's good but battery is not that good as I expected
3,"UPDATING my review after two years of use.
Fan stop working ssd buzzing is still normal.
Laptop performance is good. Battery life is about 4-5 hrs . There is some little bit buzzing noise coming from SSD which i found normal. Apart from this rest laptop is outstanding in performance."
3,"Overall felt value for money, but due to the low 1Ghz processor, laptop overheats very often, and also battery backup is around 3.30 to 4 hours which is mentioned 11 hours😂

Which is not right. But the configuration they are providing in this price range is unbeatable deal and due to that. People purchases this product.

This review is posted after 15 days of purchase. Hope in future everything will go fine."
3,Screen size is small if we compare to other laptop.
3,"I am giving feedback after 5-6 month using. This laptop is Best in this price.Best battery backup, little bit fan Sound But still running good 😊 👍"
3,Heating issue.. With fan problem
3,good laptop. fast processor. LAN port missing so may be issue those who want to connect ethernet. very disappoint with ekart delivery.
3,Okay okay type product
3,Working slow and response will also delay while starting of laptop
3,Nice product
3,Just online class use ok
3,It's quite good for normal working ☺️
3,"Only 3 days use .. its too good now .
will see in future days.."
3,This laptop very slow
3,"Customer service is poor



Product was very good for low end gaming and low end task not for. heavy task normal video editing"
3,Other windows 11 install not working touch screen.
3,"Experience okay 👍 normal task ✔️ heavy task✖️
Not a good"
3,Every thing is good except screen. You can't expect good screen from HP at this price
3,"Got this laptop in big billion day sale..the Battery life is less and screen clarity is not up to par as compared to other laptops in this range.
Performance is also okayish.
Overall 3 stars out of 5
Would b really happy if i can change it to better option."
3,"Hanging just with browsing even I did not play any game, battery just ok, camera extreme poor, even my 12 years old acer laptop camera 10 times better than this laptop,sound is average sometimes bad sound from speaker , I restarted, display is good.i highly disappointed bcos I bought this laptop for just good browsing and normal games even it does not fulfill it. I really disappointed.
Main issue It's hangs a lot its irritating. Invest some extra money and go for other brands
Final score 4...
READ MORE"
3,"Study wais only thise cromebook
Battery backup good"
3,Nice device good work
3,"Laptop Hitting problem
Bettery backup very good👍
But hitting problem
Touchpad properly work❤"
3,"Don't buy if u r office worker...
It is only for students"
3,It was a pretty decent product in this price range
3,Good product 👍
3,"Yes it's good, but this product is Chromebook, not a laptop, your choice because you buy your money."
3,The laptop heats up when I work too little
3,Just keep charged all the time..battery dropped in seconds from n 58 perc..never seen with any laptop before..
3,Laptop prfomance is good this laptop is not for heavy task and its also very compact and handy laptop comes with 14 inch display sound quality is not good and very low sounding speakers
3,"I got it yesterday, but the sound quality is very very bad and it's not clear at all it's not audible at all and there is a heating issue also. But the sound of this new laptop is really very disappointing. Worst Sound system.

Display is average. Not good."
3,"nice product but camera issue, i had to fix it myself even customer care tried to solve it but couldn't else everything is fine."
3,Track pad is not that good. Otherwise it is a good option under this price.
3,It comes with four hours of continuous charging.
3,"Don't waste money
It's very bad product
Automatic shutdown problem.
Overall it's waste of money."
3,Product seems to be good. Bought it 15 days back. Keyboard is not very user-friendly. Power button needs improvement. Battery issue is there.But overall good at this price
3,"Performance is super design is super
But only problem is charge backup is very very poor 100 percent to 20 just 50min usage only"
3,Overall ok but battery very fast drained.
3,"Specifications wise very good and i have no issues in the given laptop, windows 11 pre installed and the drivers are also part of software

Also i would like to see ms office given as part of the laptop"
3,Battery last only 4 hours instead of 8 to 10 hours according to the description. That's lack on integrity on that one. But the overall design and display and performance is amazing. The battery is the only issue I found so far
3,Not working as well as expect some times it lag i am purchase it only on 4 days use battery performance very poor full charge can only 2 hours backup. Overally not good laptop as compared to others with same price.
3,"I am giving feedback after a week, outside look of laptop is excellent
performance is also fine

Definitely camera wont work for long


overall if laptops comes below 30 thousand buy it"
3,"Everything is fine but the product was pre activated. I got delivered it on 7th nov, 2024 but it was activated on 24th oct, 2024."
3,Performance is excellent but battery backup is very
3,Battery backup is only for approximately 3-5hrs. If performance applications and games are used then the backup goes down to 2-3.5hrs. Performance is otherwise good and laptop is smooth and fast. Display is good as well.
3,Unfinished product loaded with equipment but not fully optimised
3,Specifications given on Display page like MS OFFICE 6 Month Subscription are ullu banaving😡 others are good...
3,It does have problems like auto restart and shutdown and also shows windows diagnostics system and easy to fix the problem but the camera quality is just awfully can't even say that it is a decent camera it just so bad but the overall machine is good 😀
3,Bad product 😞
3,Good 😊💯
3,Sometimes automatically shot down.little little issue are there .not recommended to buy
3,"This laptop is shutting down frequently and wi fe automatically disconnected
Not buy this laptop ,this product is very very bad😭😭"
3,It's switch off suddenly on runing time.
3,"Update BIOS for auto shutdown
It will fix the auto shutdown issue in this laptop.
No other methods will work!. I did it through the Acer service centre."
3,Overall best in this amount. But it automatically turns off sometimes so i have to connect to charger to on it. But value for money.
3,"Received with a faulty SSD, but the Acer warranty was superb and replaced it within 5 days. Apart from that, the laptop is super, with mid range performance and a blazing fast SSD. The battery backup is also good providing somewhere around 8 hours with light use and 3 hours with heavy use. Absolute value for money."
3,Product more not durable
3,Nice product according to price
3,"Battery will last about 3 hours with light work load. If you can compromise on battery then you can go for it .

Update:
1.fingerprint sensor is faulty
2.Overheating issue"
3,"Moderate device, hangs within second day of usage. Not sure how reliable this can be in the long run. Getting hot with just the device turned on and having one or two browsers open. Battery drains much faster. Audio is just okay"
3,"Battery performance is very week , one full charge is coming only 1 -2 hrs only"
3,To go
3,Bad screen and battery life.Its a gaming laptop dont expect much
3,Laptop works fine. The biggest disadvantage is the keyboard. The print on the keys is hardly visible and you need a brightly lit up room to identify the keys. Makes my work slower.
3,Display not fit properly
3,Super new features
3,"Product is okay but don't bye if the seller is Pooja Compute.
Seller is fraud."
3,"In 35k it's ok but I have doubts on this long term durability.
Performance is also ok ok"
3,"Heating issue
Battary issue
Fingerprint don't work"
3,Sometimes it lacks
3,This product doesn't have access to Microsoft office.
3,"You can buy other laptop than zebronics
Just add 5000 more in your budget
Not good for gaming and high performance
Low performance
Low fps laptop"
3,This products have everything within it but simply it doesn't give a extra ssd slots
3,"Performance is good.
Not happy with the display. If u change ur angle from front, colors🎨 are changed.
Backlit keyboard - ✂
Batter backup is- average.
Speed is good.
Power button not having light💡,so when u on it, u hv a doubt of it upto display appears 6-7 sec."
3,"product is good with this price tag; RTX gpu is a plus point, battery life is very low around 2 hours (for only browsing)

Bad thing about Flipkart is they give us old laptop whose battery is issued 3 months beforehand"
3,Just good😊
3,"Can't fully use the rtx 2050 it always go through the integrated gpu (Radeon), causing loss and the display driver is locked to the amd integrated graphics card,u can't use rtx 2050 directly 🤌, can't get the full power of it"
3,Overall laptop is good. Performance is good. I played some games runs very smoothly but the battery backup is very bad it only gives 2 hour normal usage with battery saver 2.5 hour
3,Sound quality low other okok
3,"I am writing this review after 1 month of use
There are some pros and cons in it
But it is value for money in 45k

Cons:
1. Battery consumption it lasts only for 1 hour in gaming and in normal usage 2 hours maximum.
2. Low volume it's volume speakers sound is lower than my phone volume literally without headphones you hear properly.
3. In photo and in question area they said it has RGB lights but in real it has only white backlit keyboard

Pros:
1. In every question and answer area ppl s...
READ MORE"
3,Perfect gaming laptop if you get it under 45k!!
3,"Overall performance and battery life is great!!
I can't say the same with build quality. It feels fragile. Also it has the shittiest trackpad which stopped working completely in just 1.5 months. The lower body is replaced in warranty but such problems too early is not expected. They opened the whole laptop and now build quality is even more degraded since then."
3,Product is good will review after few months usage
3,The battery capacity in 3 months of usage dropped to 94% of the original with just 72 charge cycles. But if you are using it with just internet connectivity and productivity tasks then it lands you around 7-8 hours of backup in initial days and what happens after it I already mentioned it. Speakers are a bit disappointing with low loudness. Display is good with pretty nice peak brightness.
3,"Everything is good but not better but camera, mic low quality and speaker also when in the room silence not sound speaker volume can't listen to much low sound but you can listen sound when u lift the laptop and near arount your ears. Speaker to much bad really to much bad..."
3,Avarage 👍
3,"Performance is ok but the sound is found lacking the audio is not audible even at full volumes, not meant for zoom calls and audio enthusiast."
3,Sound quality is very poor
3,It's ok
3,Not value for the money and at least the upper body should be in metal but not the body of the laptop is plastic and scratches in only one month of use in full body
3,Product is good but purchase not Flipkart
3,"Performance not much delivered when we were using multiple tabs, ram almost took 90% consuming for multi tasking.we can't expect more from this laptop. Average"
3,Value of money
3,Staggering when sound increasing. Display is not much better. except all are almost ok. Best one for doing simple works.
3,"Good product but my HP leptop warranty issue
6 month delayed pls resolve this issue Flipkart team."
3,"Leptop is ok

But display is below average 🥲"
3,Not very good compared price
3,It good
3,Heats very quickly. Moreover the cooling fan is below. Other qualities are good.
3,After using 2 months Performance i can say could be better bit its for office use
3,"I am not satisfied
It's ok....."
3,In all aspects it is good but it is producing more heat in 5mints usage
3,"Performance ( 3.5/5)
Battery (3.5/5
Design (4/5)
Display (4/5)
Value for money (4/5)"
3,"Good, but price is too high according to others."
3,Ms office not included
3,"Review after usage Of 1 week
Positive
1. Performance wise good
2. battery good
Negative
1. Mouse pad not accurate
2. Volume is very low
3. Getting headche after 2 hours of usage due to display"
3,"Everything is ok but,i couldn't able to find fingerprint, battery is not upto 11hrs onky about 2 or 3 hours
Just 👍"
3,"1st day experience:
I have chosen this laptop for its power efficiency, expecting it's less power hungry than all Intel processors and other ryzen processors. But the reality is the opposite. Lenovo claims the battery can last up to 11 hours and the reality is less than 4 hours. Setup power saving mode in bios, AMD app and battery settings to bring it up to 4 hours in full charge.

The laptop doesn't shut down,after multiple tries. It goes to sleep mode all the time.

The processor, RAM manag...
READ MORE"
3,"Laptop was performing well.... .. but after 3 days of use, it is not charging....... Please replace this as soon as possible...."
3,Further review after usage
3,"After 5 months of using ,system not working well , sometimes some keys are not works properly, and the worst part is you can't find solutions for the problem against keyboard software corrupt"
3,"Nice Laptop
Performance is Not Upto The Mark Like You Cannot Play High Graphics Games
I Tried Games Using Emulator Games Was Lagging And Huge Framedrops

Its Only For Official Use And For Surfing Internet
Otherwise Good Laptop According To The Price"
3,"Buy in range of 20000-22000
Or go for an i3 Or i5 laptop"
3,Battery back up should have been better..look and feel are nice..sound is melodious..really good..but in 65k overall not that good deal
3,"Overall it is a good product. Display, dual speakers, MS office, and speed are good. However, the main drawback is its battery. Product itself came with empty battery. I charged it as per HP recommendations. Still it Lasts up to 3 hours only. Drains very quickly after the first 2 hours. There is a significant drop in battery power after a shut down and a fresh start. Thus, disabled fast start up of Windows 11. Still this problem persists to some extent."
3,Display Light was some time blinking
3,The laptop is very heating and charge was drained very fast
3,Very nice very
3,"Only concern is battery 🔋
Performance is good
And budget friendly 😉"
3,Office 2021 not activated
3,"Not expected range ,"
3,Display quality best Nahin Hai
3,brand was good hp i Oder black color laptop but i received different color. i wanted black color Betry back very bad overall fine.
3,"Everything is good except the display. Colour saturation is very bad. Pixels are not good.
Think once before purchasing for watching movies and all."
3,"Performance is nice at this price. Only issue is with the display. But the display is better than what the other famous vendors like Dell, HP or Lenovo are providing and is also quite bright. It is also light weight for a 15.6 inch laptop. The build is very much sturdy and design looks stylish.
Drawbacks:
No backlit keyboard.
No fingerprint scanner.
No SD card slot.
Only 2 USB Type-A slots.
No RAM upgrade options.

Highlights:
LPDDR5 RAM 5500Mhz
Processor is great and is also power efficient...
READ MORE"
3,"It's ok for students or beginers. Display is too dull, backlit unavailability hammered the heart. Build quality is good."
3,"Performance is good, but battery backup is not up to the mark and heating issue. Apart from these things, ok"
3,Very good
3,"After using one day, I can say this is just okay product, performance is ok but if you want to use this online without charging adaptor the battery would last only 2 hours. So battery is not good for online work, screen is good, one big issue is memory,only 197 gb you'll get if you don't have any other apps, but memory mentioned here in Flipkart."
3,"Everything is good in this product but after 8 months I faced a very big issue, it's hinges stuck and the screen is very thin that's why the screen panel sometimes shaking."
3,"Okeish Laptop
Pros
1. Display is the best thing in the laptop
Cons
1. Heating is a major problem.
2. Ran benchmarks and it was underperforming... Like 50-60% of what is the ideal performance."
3,Overall the product is good and the oled screen is also too fantastic ❤but the charger adapter and the laptop both gets heated very high when I plug the charger to charge the laptop....I had been using since 1 month sometimes it also starts lagging...
3,average ok
3,Average product
3,Battery lasts only 1 to 2 hour
3,Heating issue
3,This ryzen7 performance not it's reach to ryzen3 and some time sucking and connecting port average type-c port not supporting charging remaing just ok for this budget
3,very smooth and cool laptop no hanging problem
3,"I'm using this pc for about 1.5 weeks so here is my opinion:

Lets just talk about the cons which I faced in these days.

1. Battery backup: This is my first laptop ever so I don't know if this is how they work or not. But I'm quite unsatisfied with the battery backup. Hardly it survives 3.5 hours with just normal surfing and video watching.

2. Wifi area: This is a highlight point of cons. I have my router in ground floor of my house and it covers the whole house for mobile. But when I'm usi...
READ MORE"
3,It was ok.
3,Overall ok
3,Perfect laptop except heating issue...
3,It is 100% value for money product but laptop is getting heat except that reaming all is cool and good
3,"I am just doing set up now, don't know about performance and all but it's very classy, this is my first laptop let's see how it goes 🤌"
3,computer started hanging within 4 days o
3,"Pros:-
Look and feel is good

Cons:-
1.Sound is very low cause speakers are present in the down part
2. Cam quality also not up to mark
3. For 512 ssd usable space is only 458gb

For office and students regular work purposes it's good. Even for entertainment purposes, gaming and editing is not a good pick."
3,"Screen is amazing. Light weight ., charges fast . Only con is battery life . I really don't understand how that Evo certification works. When u use it like a human it lasts 4 hrs max. No were near Evo"
3,The heating issue is the major issue and the battery backup is also not good
3,"This review is after 10 days use:
i) OLED screen is fabulous, punchy colors, good brightness, overall great display.
ii) Lookwise, i would say ok ok , not so good looking not so bad either, it is fine.
iii) Performance wise it is good, it handles day to days tasks easily. I use it for office use only (word, excel, pdf etc). For these it is buttery smooth. I have not any game on it or haven't done heavy tasks on it than can test its limits. So for my office use it is smooth.
iv) Battery, howev...
READ MORE"
3,"Intel core i5 13500h is very smooth and powerful ,the display is also very bright and colour accurate.The battery works for 7-8 hours on battery saver, but if you use this while charging it can give you minor electric shocks if your house does not has proper earthing. The build is really strong.One major issue is that you cannot upgrade the ram ,but 16 gb. Is more than enough for normal work.The 💻 is best in segment if you want a laptop from reputed brand but you can get intel core ultra lap...
READ MORE"
3,"Display is the reason to consider this laptop.

Major Con:
Heating issues
certain part of touchpad is not functioning"
3,Heats up very quickly
3,All specifications are good at this price but speaker quality is below the average
3,"Bad battery, lasts only 4-5 hrs, good display, go for it if under 55k"
3,Laptop have overheating issue.
3,The major in problem I'm facing in acer laptop's is the heating issue when doing normal tasks and when charging in normal temperature also.
3,Not use for offi
3,"🙂
Nice"
3,The speaker is below average for this price range.
3,"I bought it in BB sale 2024...Good display, super design like apple, finger print sensor working good fast, performance also good. But I never ever expect like this from samsung, speaker sound very low🤦🤦🤦😡even phone speaker is good when I compared. I understood it's like office purpose. But it's very worst. It should have decent sound. I literally disappointed with the speakers. One pathetic thing they have mentioned that Dolby Atmos dual speaker😡🤦🤦🤦🤦. Then I Expect the web cam also ...
READ MORE"
3,"There is a heating issue and battery backup to 2 to 3 hours mostly .

Performance is good .

If you want a good battery backup don't buy it."
3,Price is more.. Good for basic use
3,Battery drain very fast.overall good product but battery backup not good.👎🏻
3,Battery performance is low 2- 3 hrs after full charging otherwise overall nice laptop 👍
3,All features of laptop are satisfactory but build quality is not upto the mark. It needs only gentle touch. Rough use is not allowed.
3,Display Quality Is Not Good And Also Battery Backup
3,"Not as expected, it's good but not good enough for the price point. Built quality is not that strong compare to 30k Lenovo laptop. Bit disappointed with price I paid for owing this laptop.. have a fear that body can crack anytime and keys will come out. Also not many option of USB or Ethernet cable connection. Also battery runs out in 3 to 4 hrs in minimum usage."
3,Product is good but dilevery is very bed
3,Vaue for money
3,Everything is good but display is tati🥲
3,"The product is of good quality and worth the cost. However, I am not satisfied with the display. It lacks a backlit keyboard, but the touchpad is nice. Ultimately, the product has a premium quality appearance."
3,Product issue restart issue
3,I'm not satisfied this product
3,Warranty period is only for 7 months. I got this laptop is mfd date August 2023. So it is old one. But ordered on 20th January 2024 and received on 29th January 2024. So warranty is issue here.
3,It's battery backup is worst....donot buy this if you want good battery backup
3,"I would have gave it 5 stars, if this laptop comes with ms office lifetime license. But it doesn't. I got fooled by the faq section by that promise. Its only now, that answer was added in faq section, only after I bought the product !!!"
3,"Over all best budget laptop, perfomace is best, but not satisfied with batter charge drain quickly"
3,All's good but battery decrease rapidly 📉 and also some heating issue...🙌🏼 Otherwise everything is okay..😉
3,"About this laptop I like to say
Looks - 5/5
Performance - 4/5 (for light gamers)
Battery 2/5 ( it's ok for a gaming laptop , battery doesn't matter in gaming laptop )
Display - 2/5 (4k not available)
Value for money - yes
If you don't do hardcore gaming you will like it .."
3,Product is like ok....try to spend more money and buy better laptop than this .. Sometimes it didn't start at one click when turning on the laptop.
3,Like the product
3,Laptop is good for this price.But display is not good it looks like a yellowish colour while viewing
3,"Basic laptop for general purpose
Positives
1. Fast booting
2. MS Office pre installed
3. Keys and body is strong enough for regular use.
Could be better
1. Very Basic sound quality
2. Viewing angel ( if you tilt it visibility distracts)
3. No indicator (lights) on keyboard side of laptop.
4. Indicator for Num lock and Caps lock missing

Missing
1. Backlit keyboard

Rest is best in laptop, brand is renowned and can be trusted upon."
3,System will hang on while working on ppts ... Forget about coding
3,"Overall, the laptop is good
Display is not so well...... colour shift is more and not accurate colour are displaying
Battery life is very nice
Build quality is acceptable for the price
No backlight is one of the drawback.....

Overall product is good accept display"
3,The display quality is worst except that every thing is good.. in the same series u can buy asus go 15 OLED ryzen 3 series it really worth.
3,Performance is amazing but display is worst no backlit keyboard
3,"Laptop is very good looking.
Picture quality is very good.
Fast.
Enough USB and type C port.
But but but......
The battery!
Very bad. Give only 2.4 hours, which very pathetic.
Acer should take care about battery.
So guys if you want better battery life go to Lenove of Other brands."
3,Delivery person refused for open box delivery..saying that he was hurry for further deliveries..i forced him to open and after the argument he opened the box for checking...Dont send this type of delivery person for delivery..worst ekart..apart from that the first day of product purchase as of now the product is good..value for money
3,"First of All, It's A budget laptop specially for Students(College, University)
Secondly, Design is Good, Specially the natural colour, gives this device to an outstanding look.
3rd, System is too fast (8gb Ram, Ryzen 5)
4th, For educational purpose this laptop is more than enough.
5th, Disappointed with the display(warm), In this price segment, HP must have to offer an IPS display.
6th, Battery back-up is too short, And also they doesn't give any option to stop charging in a limit(like 80%), ...
READ MORE"
3,Backlit key not visible clearly
3,"Writing review after 1 month
It was okay in all things not vry good but okay
It's value for money."
3,Overall performance is ok but laptop is quite flimsy. Battery back up is just ok 3 to 3 .5hrs. Heating issue is there and quite unfortunate that the warranty is only for 10months as it has started two months earlier from the date of purchase. Considering the warranty factor and the packing(the box was open can see through the tape ) I presume that this is used or returned product.
3,"Its good laptop for budget peoples , don't go for buying by see the ms office . It takes much time to load heavy sites and doing a project in powerpoint was too slow for this laptop . If you want for internet surfing or watching movies , learning . You can buy this . But this product not compatible for office job people ."
3,Nice Laptop
3,Laptop is good but processing speed is very poor battery performance is good something 4 - 5 hours battery backup
3,It is good for coding i'm doing coding on this laptop.
3,"Review Date - 1.5 month after buying it,

Major Issues -

1. Extremely low battery - Max. 2.5 hours.....even after medium use of browsing and using ms office...Not meant for heavy without being plugged in.

2. Fn cant be disabled(Even in the BIOS) - Meaning even for changing the brightness/volume/mute must be done in combination of pressing fn key and the action key.....extremely annoyong for the ones used with direct key press for even such regular actions...No solution even from acer supp...
READ MORE"
3,A good product rather than buying a gamming pc I bought this and it was worth every penny
3,Having Issue with Power button and keyboard character are very lite and It's difficult to see
3,"The power button do not working properly it do not open without pluging the charger pin ,after chatting with hp agent they say even if I take this laptop to the service center they do not have any solution yet .
But this problem occur only once in 4 times
But laptop works very well, the performance of this laptop is the best"
3,display is bad.. keyboard is not good.. overall product is ok type..
3,"Killing performance
Must buy"
3,"No keyboard back light,rest everything is fine"
3,"I am used this product always all ok but Delivery Delay
Battery Not Ok
Porfermence okk
Sound Not Ok"
3,Product quality is good but there is no backlit keyboard .
3,If you are buying laptop for simple use then it's gud for you but if you are buying this laptop for working purpose then I'll advise you that you should buy more effective laptop in comparison of this hp laptop bcz it's getting heat problem after 3 to 4 Hrs and 2nd is that this Hp laptop screen rotation it's open arround 135° but i think it will be 175°.
3,Processing is low and it is good in other categories like battery backup and design and display
3,Not as good I expect it's performance it's lagging
3,VERY GOOD ITEM.
3,Battery heating issue
3,Product is average but value for money
3,Worst system.can
3,Product is good. Not for heavy task. But for casual uses it works ok.
3,"EVERYTHING IS GOOD BUT SOUND IS LOW.
I WILL KEEP UPDATING IF ANY ISSUE OCCURS."
3,"Display is bad IAM Using AWS it looks like Blur,Don't see good fonts and Numbers also OLED But no difference in normal Laptops"
3,Ms office is not available and antivirus not install
3,"This laptop only normal used not for gaming, coding."
3,It is good for daily life use battery backup around 2-3h this is my honest review and Function keys will not work without help of FN key means when you will press FN+f keys this will work. And display overall good
3,"normal users battery
2 and 3 hours
display TN panel low quality
performance normal"
3,Speaker quality is very low and volume ver slow
3,Now it's good but final feedback will be shared after using it for a few days.
3,Heating issue and Battery drain so fast maximum 3 hours
3,"After 3 months review why it is not on. Sometimes worst about thisThe product is superb fully satisfied with this laptop
Main display is the beaty.😍.sound quality is also good."
3,Performance is good but screen seams to be of 90's ...... Very low quality display.... Laptop is thin and light...... Review after two day of uses
3,"Battery backup is very bad . Either everything is ok . Display is really good , very clear pictures ."
3,The product is not bad and the USP is the touch screen. Price got dropped by roughly 2000 within the next 2 days of my purchase. Rest all looks good 👍
3,Laptop won't shut down sometimes get's freeze till battery fully drained
3,Not satisfied totally
3,Good but not best for value of money....
3,Battery back is not good only 4 hours and heating issue
3,Best laptop for low price thank you Flipkart..
3,Overall product is good but there is no ms installed we have to buy subscription of Microsoft 365. There is no backlit keyboard.
3,"Good product,"
3,Good product but camera is so poor🙂
3,Battary back up not good
3,battery issues
3,Sound is not good 🙂
3,Very nice
3,"All apps of playstore is not available, price is little bit high but overall good better than tablet"
3,Everything is good except the battery.
3,Used to feel that i wasted money on this but after few days i started loving it (btw i shifted from a windows PC so experience was not the same because of os)
3,4gb ram is not enough you can't even download few applications this is only good for browsing ... Smart phones /tablets performance is far better...
3,Nice but students only
3,Average System
3,I like this laptop
3,Laptop is good but battery performance is not good
3,Battery back is not good only 4 hours
3,Product quantity is good.It is basically 12th generation laptop from the company Dell.I have previously used dell laptop.It is a good brand by performance and efficient.
3,"Impressive Performance in a Slim Package!

I recently purchased the DELL Core i3 12th Gen 1215U New Inspiron 15 Laptop from Flipkart, and I must say, it has been a delightful experience so far. This laptop combines style and substance in a sleek and slim design, making it a fantastic choice for both work and entertainment.

**Design and Build Quality (4.5/5):**
The laptop's slim and lightweight design is highly appealing. It's easy to carry around and fits comfortably in my backpack. The buil...
READ MORE"
3,Not bad at all
3,Value for money not for heavy use
3,"What i like :- Display, Battery life , Design
What should be improved :- Performance"
3,Excluding battery all over fantastic and for Flipkart please break the collaboration with jeeves for installation they're very late for all do their work. So I cancelled jeeves
3,Battery performance is too poor.
3,Battery is not that great... Heating issue also ... Overall good 👍
3,Over all good but display is average
3,Ultimately value for money ...🙂🙂🙂
3,"Worth, but u need install Windows"
3,Only 64 bite OS support.
3,Quality is not good 😊
3,Very Good
3,Nice but heavy load not allowed this lap
3,"After 1 month
Battery and performance is average and I'm facing lagging problem which is too irritating"
3,Average product.
3,"Battery is draining little fast. I am placing this comment after 5 days of purchase. Hardly used less than one hour of laptop, the battery drained more than 30%"
3,The battery back up performance is very poor. Only 3 hour backup in new laptop
3,"from my side the laptop is a good-looking laptop, build quality awesome and display best in the price range as what am expecting in laptop the performance is disappoints with this price and moreover noise of the laptop cooling system very loud but this price range specs and battery backup is well in this price range for daily usage and for students can go for it."
3,Nice budget/affordable laptop
3,Best laptop under this price
3,For Office work properly 👍👍👍 but not value for money
3,Battery life is pathetic done buy this laptop
3,"Display is not up to the mark, very worst display, compared to my sony vaio i5 2nd generation 14 years old laptop."
3,Not OLED DISPLAY
3,Product is good but the condition of the laptop box is very poor and dusty also Lenovo seal is found broken n no laptop bag given wid laptop packing is also very poor very disappointed wid service cuz spent a large amount but not satisfied.
3,disappointed with speakers..random bugs appear like blackout of screen..hang issues that too in fresh new laptop.
3,Over all good laptop in this price.Very fast working.
3,Well it's my first day
3,Fine but late delivery
3,Product was good but the seller doesn’t give the tuf stickers for the laptop that’s me a very sad and they made a worst package i ever see that that type of cheap packaging apart from this laptop is very good
3,The product is great and value for money under budget segment.
3,"some times apps crashes,like adobe acrobat,microsoft edge etc.and control centre takes 2-3 minutes to open after starting laptop"
3,This is a beast in gaming but it has a slightly cons also becoz it's battery is not long lasting it would be dead after 2-3 matches of lw in ff at max quality . Apart battery everything is value for money 🤑🤑
3,"Display, Sound, Keyboard, Camera is Good, but The battery longevity needs improvement.
Main Thing, The SMPS should not be placed directly below the display, as this causes the lower right side of the display to overheat."
3,Panels are very less poor quality one not meet the dell range and gap and bending has taken place when we work with kyes... Iam not satisfy with the panel
3,"The laptop heats up after prolonged use, overall performance is very good.
I don't understand why the conventional charging point is still given and not the C3 type. The NUM key does not have any indication if it's on or off."
3,Every thing is good but my screen is beating up
3,Good products
3,Nyc and portable design.
3,Thanks Flipkart
3,Overall good for normal usage with decent battery backup. At this price point I hope to get atleast 16gb ram or atleast expandable ram option.
3,"The only problem is overheating, otherwise this is a very good option at this price."
3,The power button is not god we have to press it for 1 to 2 otherwise it do not open
3,Value for Money 💰
3,"Performance is good, basic gaming we can do.

Battery very bad performance.
The design is overall good looking.
The display is also almost good.
Value for money if you are a beginner for gaming.

Heating issue when playing games."
3,Overall good but battery is average 3 hours in normal use
3,"It is a good machine, but with some drawbacks.
While gaming, you can feel the heat as the exhaust vent is opened towards the display, the screen itself gets a bit hot. Again the temperature would not affect the screen. But you can feel the warmth on your finger tips on the keyboard while gaming. It feels a bit uncomfortable.

I have played GTA 5, Minecraft, valorant and Palworld in it. The performance it gives is as per the expectation. It performs what it should be.
There is no tweak, the RT...
READ MORE"
3,Laptop hang sometimes...and automatically restart....
3,"Good product, performance is good"
3,Not worthy
3,"awesome product, though serious laptop users are going to be dissapointed, mostly for online classes, meeting or for very light work, as it runs on chrome OS most of the software that we are familiar with do not work on this Chromebook....and only android apps that can be stored are from google app store only, outside that the the apps with apk are not supported.."
3,I bought this product for attending online classes. Teams does not work properly. When class is going on it abruptly hangs. Cannot do anything. Need to force shut down. This is happening daily. Even this happened with google Classroom few times.
3,Was OK.. in this range..
3,Ok good performed
3,Desple not hd
3,Average
3,It's ok 😌
3,Best product
3,Middle quality
3,"Product quality is very good.
Battery average.
Sound quality wrost! My samsung smartphone havev 10X more Sound than this laptop."
3,"Performance is nice 4.5
Batery 4
Display 3
Sound 3
But charging fast ,sound is not loud but good"
3,"Pros: The display is decent, performance is good till now(delivered yesterday), fingerprint works fast, sounds decent

Cons:

1. Thunderbolt 4 will not support type c charging. **YOU CAN'T USE IT FOR CHARGING IT IS ONLY USED FOR DATA TRANSFER AND DISPLAY OUTPUT**

Don't purchase it if you think you will charge it using the thunderbolt 4 port.

2. You have to laminate the screen else you will see some lines due to keyboard space (not screen damaged)

3. Battery life is short (1 or 2 hours bac...
READ MORE"
3,"received item, exchange item selected as per the criteria but rejected by the agent. The laptop supposed to come with microsoft office and antivirus but not happend. who will get back to us about the microsoft and antivirus activation, kindly help."
3,good
3,"Battery backup not good, design is not as expected j.... otherwise do whatever you want..."
3,Best laptop in lowest price
3,"Performace is little bit slow. Laptop opening time, refreshing timing etc are little slow which feels like irritating and time consuming"
3,Good product. But have little heating issue.
3,Everything thing is good only battery performance is not good battery backup is minimam 2 to 3 hours
3,"wosum laptop
delay the delevary
battery is very low time
bad battery"
3,"Budget laptop for students. After a long term search and findings, I went for this laptop.

Pros :
1. Fingerprint sensor is good.
2. Look and Design is very sleek and premium.
3. MS office Pre-installed.
4. Some of the good softwares (such as Teams, myasus for phone system connections) are preinstalled and also get Xbox coupon valid for a month or so is compliment to renew with in a year. (This may be interesting only for gamers)

Cons :
1. Display is not that great, if you emphasize more on...
READ MORE"
3,"Battery backup is not good .
Please don't buy."
3,"Display: worst display i ever seen in any laptop
Battery: only 2-3 hours battery backup
Style and Performance is best
Not value for money"
3,Specification wise it's good . But the display quality is too worse (compared with my acer monitor) . Battery drains too fast . Overheats in 5 minutes of using .
3,Product is good but delivery partner was very rude😤
3,Display is 720p HD not 1080p FullHD. Careful.
3,Overall the product is good for beginners and professionals who are not into designing field. Because the system freezes while working and you have to restart it.
3,Battery was very bad not suggest for gaming display quality was not good only performance is good
3,It is getting hot soon after using 10-15 minutes.
3,The product is good but very less battery life
3,"I just purchased i5 13th gen 8/512 GB. It is quite slow which was not expected. Otherwise overall performance is good, sound is good, build quality is ok ok,

Lagging many times and also came blue dead screen once for me. Just used for one day."
3,"1.Very Disappointed about the battery🔋drained quickly and backup only maximum 1 and half hour
2.Display is IPS but the Refresh Rate is 60hz only."
3,Battery life is very poor... other than is overall good.
3,2-3 hours battery backup.
3,"Display is not good with side angle, full plastic body"
3,Great Laptop on Budget but lacks in battery backup
3,"Build quality is very poor and low quality plastic is used.
Track pad is average and difficult to handle, need to use a separate mouse instead.
Battery drains very fast, so without power plugin not recommended to use.
Heating too much in small tasks also, plastic build may get damaged because of this heat.
Not useful for every day"
3,Battery performance soo bad....
3,"I bought an i3 1215U 8gb ram version

Backlit keyboard comes only for i5 version...few images in the review section are not related.

1. Display is nice
2. No stuttering while doing normal tasks...but definitely can't even run rocket league at playable fps."
3,"Except better , disappointed. Tq"
3,Average pro
3,"Using for 5 months till now no problem, been playing Farcry 5, Dota2, GTA 5, Battlefield 5 etc. it runs smooth.

Without plugging battery run off quickly."
3,great experience so far.. only thing it's not a con but yes if you using on battery use it for normal purposes.. on battery laptop looses almost 70% of its performance but yes on charge it's a beast in this segment I do get framedrops here and there in very heavy gaming.... for ai cdr and psd they all run smoothely even when I open all of them at once..
3,"My previous laptop company Acer, and now I purchased again Acer Aspire 7 laptop. After 15 days I realised..

1. Screen - 8/10.
2. Performance - 6/10. (Lag Available)
3. Battery - 5/10. (Very Poor)
4. Build Quality - 7/10.
5. Charging Speed - 8/10.
6. Sound - 6/10. (Low Sound)

I preferred Asus Laptop, Asus better than Acer."
3,"See... If you are choosing this for creative works like coding, animation or some gaming kind then this is a good choice.. but for content consumer, it's a bad choice cause the sound quality is literally the worst I have ever experienced. You have to use external speaker.
See I am a current user and I m not just joking or anyway commenting on product. Whatever I shared was my feedback after usage..."
3,"The worst part of this laptop is the battery backup, I thought it's a creator series laptop, and it would give at least 4 hours on normal usage, it made me wrong and giving just 2 hours in normal usage even in battery saver mode. Don't know is this in my laptop or in every laptop of this series.

Another disappointment is heating issue, even in normal usage it heats a hell, the fan will start running and make sounds.

Performance is ok on plug and play (i.e when connected with charger).

...
READ MORE"
3,Ok but
3,Battery backup was soo soo sooo worst and it's draining very fast.... This laptop always use with plugin socket and sometimes I feel whether I purchased laptop or desktop ........Display also having very low brightness ... Performance was average .. Overall it is a not bad and not good product..... I think Realme laptops are more better than this laptop
3,Sound quality disappoints me. My phone is louder than this.
3,"Product Quality is very poor, if you drop the laptop gone. Display comes with very small dead pixel.
performance wise good, no issues."
3,"Performance is great. Battery lasts for 4 to 5 hours. Bluetooth takes much longer to connect. USB port doesn't support many devices. Works well with softwares like ANSYS and MATLAB. At this price range, overall a good package."
3,"There is lot of update comes with windows,
After updating performance becomes slow.."
3,Very good product and nice performance
3,Laptop is gud but battery drain is faster... overall all ok....gud performance
3,Ok product
3,"DISPLAY IS 5/5
BATTERY 3/5
SPEAKER 3/5
PERFORMANCE 5/5 IN 33K"
3,"Battery issue, we are facing an issue with setting up pin for login, it keeps coming error"
3,"Nice laptop, good display, good keyboard but not backlit ,still its okay👍, performance wise is also performed well, so for me, it was a value for money.🙂 i have no complain for now🙂"
3,"performance beast mode, battery worst will come for only one hour, display is ok, overall an average ok product, not much what i expected...!!"
3,Poor battery backup and heating issue
3,"Battery backup is not sufficient too weak
2to 2:30 hours Full charged backup"
3,"Design 5⭐
Performance 3⭐
Battery 3⭐
Display 4⭐

Touchpad not working smoothly"
3,Okay okay
3,Performance not good
3,laptop is good but charger quilaty is very poor 25k is best laptop
3,Battery to worst for new one
3,Except Battery everything looks grt
3,Battery backup only 2 hours
3,"Battery lasts only for 2 hrs, after full charge..
Battery is worst"
3,Perfect for coding and college students
3,Only recommended for students or coders. If you're looking for photo or video editing then don't go for it coz screen quality is not good.
3,Charging is very bad.. remaining good
3,Like it
3,The front camera is very bad.
3,This laptop is very fast Hot 🥵
3,Battery is way below the expectations. Doesn't hold even for 45 min after full charge
3,"Got it for 41k during the sale, Everything is pretty good but the speakers are not up to the mark. Pretty low volume output"
3,"Just wow
Such an amazing laptop in this range"
3,"While playing sound battery goes around one and half hour to discharge other features and performance are good.
If you don't mind its battery then definitely go for it."
3,"No laptop backpack.
Sometimes it hangs.
Little problems like Keeps disconnecting from my mobile hotspot is not getting solved even after 10 months of the purchase."
3,"Battery backup is very poor
Around 3 hours backup"
3,I by this lap 28000k Battery drain fast... disappointed and touch pad is very legyy only show do not buy it
3,"just average product.
not expect so much."
3,Love this product
3,Good budget laptop and in less than 30k its good deal. I am still exploring will update here is there is any issue
3,Price range is good product. But I expected better product
3,Battery back up is less than 2 hours..so be careful while considering back up
3,Keyboard is very poor. Otherwise laptop is good
3,"heating up and battery back up is less ,as the problem of heating up .rather product is good"
3,"Not that my good , performance is slow"
3,Keypad backlight is not there but in other model with same specifications has keyboard backlight and its hang little bit
3,"Its okay.... Battery 🔋 worst ,too.much"
3,"A great product.
But u don't get a window office oficial on it"
3,GOOD
3,"Laptop performance is v good, look n weight of the laptop is good only issue with the battery backup. After 100% charge it gives 3 hrs backup or less. In future may battery backup capacity reduce."
3,Good product lenovo
3,"Excellent performance of Laptop. Satisfy with purchase.
but Only issue is of build quality of Laptop."
3,"Battery service average
Display 7/10
Performance 9/10
Design 7/10
Sound 7/10"
3,Charging quality is not good
3,Everything is fine except the battery. Battery drains very fast.
3,Super but wifi blutooth software problem battery talktime is very low otherwise fantastic thank you Flipkart/ultamus
3,Good 👍
3,Battery is very bad...
3,"Ok . In this price range.
Good for basic usage"
3,It heats up even with running simple apps. battery drains up quickly. however processor is fast. Design looks good.
3,"Flipkart specification not correct
No fingerprint scanner
Clock speed 1.2 ghz not 4.4
Battery backup upto 3 hr"
3,Overall a good product but there is some issue while playing ultra hd videos on internet other than this product is nice 🙂.
3,"battery backup very low only 2 to 3 hours
display qulity not good
fan sound very high
over heat issue"
3,The hinge is too tight and it will open 10mm automatically after close
3,"Advantages:
* i7 processor with this price.
* 12gen
* build quality ok
* 2 usb 1hdmi 1 typeC data transfer
* 1 Ethernet port
* 2 speaker's
* 1 camera
* 16gb 512gb ssd

Disadvantages:

* Keyboard light is not there
* round port for charging
* type c port is not their for charging
* camera clarity is not good
* build quality is not good"
3,Good but processor is light
3,Machine is too slow from the beginning month itself... I wonder if the machine is refurbished and not a new one
3,"Display is not as clear as expected. It is little dull.
Battery backup is not good either.
Rest all good."
3,Tooooo. Much of heating not value for money
3,"This is sound quality is not like.
Performance it's ok but it's gaming laptop"
3,"Sound output is not gud, display seems to be not for entertainment."
3,"Battery back up not good
System working very very slow"
3,Laptop is overall good....but cant copy all the data from mobile at once ...body is plastic and my main concern in web camera which i worst and sound is also pretty low....Rest all good
3,Normal 🙂
3,Overall Average. Not value for money product.
3,"It's just nice 👍
Value for money also good
and battery 🔋performance is also very good"
3,If you are a display lover then not buy this laptop screen is very very poor quality otherwise fast and smooth laptop for day to day uses battery also performing excilent
3,"Display is not so good. 1 star for display (colour, contrast) ."
3,Windows 11 256 GB SSD
3,Display is not good
3,"Non expandable ram, bad battery are the cons.
Pros are many, good performance, not much lag, ms office included, given ports are also good, type c charging supported, 25k price, feels worth it.
If browsing is what people are looking for, they should go for Amd based laptops because battery lasts longer.

Note to seller, great delivery experience, but the laptop is not having Intel Iris graphics card which is mentioned in description. Its normal UHD graphics,"
3,Good product 🙂
3,Dont buy this product...with in 10dsys am facing display issue
3,"Worst Display, No Backlit keyboard , it is TN panel ,IPS display is excepted for this price"
3,Quality of the product cheap don't go for i7 and 12 gen it lags some time battery also not good it come around 2hrs only body made with cheap plastic
3,"Configuartions wise okay, but body quality and look wise is not good, keyboard light is not thwre. Will post review again after uaing a month"
3,Horizontal white line on screen
3,"The product is awesome , only concerning part was flipkarts delivery was delayed by 2 days and connecting to them was a huge hassle"
3,ok but microswoft office not provide
3,I'm use laptop 3 months and good but lots of care and my mother bord was replaced I'm claming my warranty may be you get better option of this laptop and is not working free fire gaming litrali I'm so dispointed
3,Good but not best
3,"Camera is very worst quality I not found my face on this camera on day light
If you need this for office work buy this product with extra camera
One of the most worst camera 😔"
3,Just a hype.
3,Good Product
3,"Writing a review after 1 week of use.Brought laptop in Dilwali sale for 33k 8gb variant.Overall decent product for the price brought, ok for daily use and office work can handle some heavy tasks.Sound quality is low which is disappointing.Would recommend to go for 16gb variant as ram is not expandable.Light weight,good battery back up,slim in design, decent choice for Working professional and students."
3,System is hot after half an hour use
3,"Battery life is 2 to 25 hours. Not 8 hours
Other things
are good at this price"
3,It is best laptop value for money
3,Very good laptop for daily work...but it not provided MS OFFICE.... BATTERY IS AVERAGE AND DISPLAY GOOD....WORTH OF MONEY.
3,Beautiful product
3,Decent. Speakers should've been louder.
3,Not that much premium than its cost... During the sale we got from 60k..it's too much and it's not latest 1 year old product approximately 50k is enough for 16gb ram and RTX 3050...
3,My laptop frame got detached a little bit in the hinge region out of no where ......
3,"Worst display
Dead pixels
Not at all a ips display"
3,Display is very bad.....go for ips panel
3,Everything is good except the TN Panel. It is too fade in colors when you compare with IPS Panel. Buy it if your use is just for productive purpose. For entertainment purpose it's not recommend.
3,Display is below average. Improvement needed. Because of display 45 k for this laptop not worth it.
3,"Overall the laptop is good.
Voice is a bit low not loud for any general meetings.
In a silent room you can listen to music or watch movies.
The display is below average. The viewing angle may disappoint you and is not meant for long hours of working.
May overheat during game play.
You can't upgrade your RAM, because it is soldered on the motherboard.
After that everything is awesome.
Good for college students, Its performance never disappoints you."
3,"Speaker quality is very bad, Display is also not satisfing"
3,Good product under 30k
3,"Before buying make sure Lenovo servicing centre is available in your area, as this device has the habit of breaking on its own.
I purchased one last year and it's about 10 months now, the screen out of nowhere just goes white screen while I was using it(there are no shocks on the system as I always place it on my table).I had to spend 6k for replacement though the warranty is still there(no service provider in my area). I also asked a friend who owns a better Variant of this who has a motherb...
READ MORE"
3,"If you're expecting good battery backup, please don't go for it. And sound volume quality should be improve."
3,"Overall, the build quality and sound of the laptop are commendable, fitting for a gaming laptop. However, there are some areas that could be improved:

Battery Life: For a gaming laptop, a battery life of more than 3 hours for normal usage is expected. The laptop lasts around 2 and a half hours when running demanding tasks like Docker, Spring Boot, and VS Code, and around 3 hours for web browsing, document reading, and day-to-day tasks. Gaming sessions typically last between 40 minutes to 1 h...
READ MORE"
3,"Only prblm is the battery, the battery of laptop die in just 2hrs. Other aspects are good such as design and display.
Also the weight of laptop is heavy, it is not 2.4 kgs , it's approx 2.5kg laptop."
3,Battery life very
3,Battery backup is very less.
3,Great
3,"Very heavy machine, battery backup is very poor. not good for daily usage"
3,Battery could have been better Slightly draining faster even using for normal works for gamings defiantly connect the chargers before play
3,The product does not support facial recognition as it does not have an IR sensor
4,Nice little laptop to be carried by students or any officials. Good quality
4,"After use 5 days it's all about good product from hp . Mostly battery backup are fabulous and screen are also good , sound are little decrease compared to other hp products"
4,"This is nice product for yor study
and specially coding"
4,Best product in every aspect.
4,"Everything is fine, except that the laptop sound volume is low."
4,"Good for Daily tasks. Performance is decent ,display and sound quality are fine but battery backup is not that great hardly lasts for 2-3 hours . Good value for money."
4,"No backlit keyboard , budget laptop , best specs"
4,"Performance is decent as it has the latest chipset

Battery is performing pretty good now , actual performance can be reviewed after sometime

Design is a lower part in this laptop as it can be improved as you are spending handsome amount and getting a fibre plastic body at bottom which looks cheap.

Display is above average as it has a decent display and full eye protection

Overall value for money but the most disappointing things are one is plastic body at bottom and 2nd is worst audio spe...
READ MORE"
4,Decent laptop for students and program learners.
4,Good...
4,"Very good product this price permum
Build quality fantastic
Sound superb
Battery poor"
4,"I am glad that I went for the ryzen version over Intel. Honestly I took a risk,but it paid off,this version is as good as the intel one(one of my friends has it) and it's cheaper(at least 5-10k difference). This laptop has a very attractive design,is weightless and easy to use. Display is really good especially to watch high quality videos"
4,Best laptop under 50k in offer
4,Good device... 👾🖤
4,Battery backup is about 4 hours on normal uses and it should be improved by HP according to price. it's light weight bt not proper weight management. Overall good laptop bt price is a little bit higher side. If u r comfortable with 15.6 which is only 300 to 400 gram much heavier then u have much more other option with other brands which provide better specs and value for money
4,Nice laptop and nice processing
4,"After one week of use, performance of the product is good."
4,Dell Inspiron 5430 is an upgraded model of laptop the performance of the laptop is too good and the display is also good but the battery backup is not sufficient.
4,Good performance good build quality
4,"I am really glad I bought this laptop.While buying I knew that it had Linux OS. so I made a bootable windows pen drive which I downloaded through my mobile (thanks to Jio). Initially I tried booting it from pendrive but bios in this laptop is bit different. You need to activate f12 boot and deactivate secure boot. only then u will be able to install new windows. Also download free copy of windows directly from Microsoft. And u can get cheap key online. You can use Rufus to make bootable pen d...
READ MORE"
4,Could have provided finger print reader at this price
4,Best in this price range❤️👍👍
4,Good performance tq flipkart
4,"Good for gaming, editing videos and coding but for heavy task 16 gigs of Ram is recommended"
4,Best Performance And value for money
4,Under this price segment providing good features and elements with a very elegant look best to buy for every basic need.
4,Gaming next level 🙌🏻
4,Satisfied
4,Nice laptop for a student
4,Good product in budget
4,"Awesome build quality and very good display, battery and camera. Still new to macOS"
4,Value of money
4,"Very good product
Smooth performance when running heavy load
Really loved the product... Best product at the price
3 months free Xbox game pass is a bonus"
4,"Great performance and good display
I like it lot's, it's very good for gaming and value for money product...👍👍"
4,"I got this laptop at 66k in bbd sale and for the price its quite good, not the best not the worst
tough it looks are preety great, better than nitro v"
4,"My usage is for 4k editing and trading.
Performance is osm and thermals are very good but battery drains very fast even in normal usage like casual browsing overall its very good laptop and the 15.6 inch with 350 nits brightness display makes me like it more everyday."
4,Good laptop for my office work
4,"It's Great, Just go for it, got awesome deal from Flipkart BBD"
4,"Everything is good about this laptop.
Pros:
Sturdy and strong build
Fast H Series processor
16 GB DDR5 Ram
Gen4 SSD
350 Nits Peak Brightness

Only drawback which is battery backup is less. but can expect from a gaming laptop...."
4,Good quality product thank you
4,Very nice laptop with 16gb ram. For this price range absolutely suggested
4,"Had bought this laptop for coding and gaming. I play CS2, Dota 2 and RDR2 which all run very well. RDR2 haven't tried highest settings but by default it goes to balanced pre-set (was expecting high settings). I then increased a few things in graphics and was still running very well but yet to try ultra settings. Anyway I'm hoping to be able to run GTA6 when it comes next year. Overall i loved the design, quality and performance and is best for the price. Oh also having office pre-installed is...
READ MORE"
4,"-Watching movie online 🔋= 5hr average (50%BRIGHTNESS)
-Watching movie offline 🔋= 6to7hr average (50%BRIGHTNESS)
-if you use blutooth speaker Time will increase
-BACKLIGHT 😞"
4,Best Only for Lower performance group
4,This product value for money
4,"Awesome laptop op for gaming and all work
Display little bit low quality 😕
Delivery in 7 days to late"
4,All is good but battery backup is very poor
4,Value for money but battery must be see once
4,"Over all its a great laptop at the price I purchased and performance is good , bit heavy as its a gaming laptop. I got good discount using my card I got it around 68K...satisfied. But poor battery back up, also 12450 has lesser cores than 12500 processor which definitely is a drawbacl."
4,"Great configuration, works smoothly, main issue with battery life,only 3hours max."
4,Only problem is heats fast and battery is average
4,I ordered Macbook Air - 8GB RAM and 512GB Storage. I am happy with this product. It's expensive but it is valuable product and worth to have it. I am also happy with Flipkart services. I received it within 3 days. I recommended to buy this kind of expensive product from Flipkart as well.
4,"It's a excellent choice, specially if you are buying it for work, free lancing and to learn new skills, It is great in both performance and battery in this price. Absolutely buy it. Giving it a 4 star as the piece I got has a little tight hinge and it won't open single handedly, which doesn't give a good Impression, and I can't even return it now and have to go apple service centre, But be real everybody doesn't have time to waste a whole day for this problem."
4,Very good battery 🔋 and performance
4,"Display 7/10
Battery 7/10
Sound 5/10
Design 9/10
Performance 9/10
Value for money 9/10
Got in big billion day @36667, 14th inch 16 gb variant"
4,"Overall is good at this price, But battery is slightly weak...It drains rapidly"
4,"If you looking under 40000 best laptop go for this 😎
Performance - 5/5
Degine - 5/5
Sound - 3
Battary - 3.8
Overall looking - 4.5

Performance never disappoints, super fast performance,

One thing I ad on one thing that's, I get this laptop from a genuine seller and genuine product from Lenovo."
4,Talk about performance it's quiet well.Only the dis is it has some heating issue . Overall I'm satisfy with this
4,Heating issue...it get heated in only 2 minutes of playing any game. Overall good for students and value for money
4,Nice one best this price flipkart service very nice delivered only 2 day
4,Except battery consumption overall best performance and value for money
4,The TGP of the RTX 3050 with 6GB of vRam is 95 watts and this is quite good for the price than the low TGP ones. And the build quality is also pretty solid for the price.
4,This is a beast for 1080p gaming. You can run every modern games on high or ultra settings at ease.
4,"A decent product with amazing looks and performance perfectly justifying its price, just the battery could have been better."
4,Performance is good but it does produce heat a lot especially when charging and playing games
4,Excellent product in the price
4,This laptop is doing the best work in this range
4,"Laptop performance is on a good scale, and the battery backup is also adequate, design is very sophisticated"
4,Good according to money.
4,Good laptop in this price range but display is poor
4,Overall a good product for price
4,"A very good laptop under budget. Battery, sound and display is below expectations."
4,Best laptop awesome performance. Not hanging issue.
4,Good product if you are looking below 40000
4,Build quality is fine at this price but display isn't preety good. It's okok and voice is also low you can't hear properly.
4,"value of for money so far, seems to fast and good"
4,"Got the laptop in big billion day at 39.3k. Giving the review after 1 week of use. I'm satisfied with everything but sound quality is very very poor quality (if you are in a indoor room still you can't able to hear the sound with full volume). I expect the company to work on that. I can rate
Design: 5✴️
Battery: 5✴️
Performance : 5✴️
Sound: 1✴️"
4,Display could have been better and sound level is very low.
4,Good for the student and office work
4,"I bought the product in sale for 65k, it's a beast at the price segment and overall giving best performance."
4,"I got this laptop for 31.5k great deal ever in freedom sale. Best in the market , I am using 3 vms I don't see any slowness in performance. Display could have been better .even after using 3 vms simentaniouly with multiple functions in backgroud I got 3.15 hrs battery backup which is excellent at this price . You will definitely feel the fastness of the AMD PROCESSSOR . I can say this hardware configuration is completely a paisa vasool ."
4,"Best Laptop , Best Performance

Display quality should have been better"
4,"Good laptop but prefer IPS display cause it's display is ok 😒 not the best, good for students but if you want to buy for gaming please go for higher price laptops BGMI is lagging so much like 30/40 fps"
4,"Yes.it's giving nice performance, display is good but not in current standard and worth for money.. Note: it's not coming with the Ms.office 365.."
4,"Good performance,
Good design ☺️
Overall very good product.
Thanks 👍🏻"
4,Excellent 👍
4,"Pros:
Good efficient CPU with good battery life
Good for every day work
No issues with software like crashes or something.

Cons:
Display is least attractive feature in this
8 gb ram is fast but is not upgradable and is only good for basic work

Very good laptop overall and reliable for basic tasks and longevity"
4,"Best Laptop Under This Price Segment..
Thank You Flipkart"
4,"Review i posted after 2 month of usage.
Purely Not a performance laptop.
Lenovo proved, Specs and processor won't decides performance.
Even zoom screen sharing makes this laptop hanging.
It won't meet even 20k worth laptop from HP in terms of performance.
Material quality, if u press any Key, whole keyboard itself pressing and bending.
Better go for 3-k higher than this price rage , but not Lenovo.🔥🎉"
4,"Display is good, but brightness seems a bit low.
Design is 10 on 10.
Speaker sound is too low.
Otherwise a really good product."
4,This product is good in price range
4,Balanced performance. For Non gamer.
4,"Superb product
Battery also good but not excellent
Almost value for money"
4,Very cheap build quality but good for performance.
4,"Good laptop
Performance great
Display a bit mesh
Overall great 👍"
4,It's not that fast but it's worth it what it costs to you it's worth it
4,"I have Been using it from 1 month everything is good about this laptop and also gaming is pretty much good,the only con for me is battery!"
4,Excellent laptop however there are some glitches.
4,"Best product in this price segment, No lag issue & no heat problem occurred, generally i use it for More & more Multitasking and Browsing and also for some of my office works. I use Tally Prime, Groww and many more this types of application's on it .. A verified Buyer Review After Total satisfaction ✌️oooh sorry I also play a little bit of game on it 😉"
4,"ofter one month using this laptop .I notice
There is no heating problem,no booting problem.
Battery pack up is good
Display is good..thanq Flipkart and Lenovo"
4,its a good laptop
4,"good quality packing , good delivery, no damage or no single scrach in package"
4,"Overall the laptop is good, one major disadvantage is it doesn't have Backlit keyboard."
4,"This laptop for full students and office work
Ryzen 5 5500u is capable of cyber security work and practice etc multitasking. Battery profomanc is good for normal use to 6-7 hours and normal heavy use 4-5 hours samthing good battery profomanc and fully heavy profomanc 2-3 hours that good.
Battery charging 1 hour -1:20 mint. It's good 👍

Thanks for Lenovo."
4,"Good product.

Pros:
1. Good Display quality
2. Good graphics
3. Gets rarely heated

Cons:
1. touchpad is very delicate and lags sometime
2. camera quality is very poor.
3. I don't recommend playing games in this."
4,Good value for money
4,Good product for teaching and home use but some software issues also there
4,"Best laptop, good performance, Battery backup is less."
4,Got it on a great deal. Hopefully it will work longer.
4,Overall Good ..
4,"This product is avarage..Students definitely buy it for programing... But gamers don't purchase.. Simple gaming performance is good..But not high gaming.

Performance - 8/10
Battery - 8/20
Valu for money - 10/10
Thanks"
4,"Performence - good (on simple task it same to i3 11gen but on heavy task it really do good work
Battery good - last for 5 hours on normal task
Display - Avarage as not IPS, viewing angle is avarage
Trackpad - small but smooth
Camera - Avarage
Mic - not so good
At this price point(34000-35000) it's very good
Laptop is for students for coding, programming"
4,Best laptop for 1st year btech cse students
4,Good battery life
4,Nice laptop at this price... value for money...
4,Perfect!
4,Perfect For Home
4,Simple super
4,One imp thing that bag is not included in the box
4,Worth bying.
4,Loved it
4,It's too good stylish looking and good working
4,Full satisfaction
4,Vry nice in this price but i face one prblm when i updated all drivers then mouse can't work so give me suggestions but overall i have good experience about Lenovo ideapad 3 core window 11 was good i love this laptop
4,All things are good but the battery backup is too less. Battery running upto 3.5 hours after 100% charge.
4,"Laptop is with premium design and look.
But processor is slightly a issue with that laptop .
Its laptop is for normal user not for the gamer and extreme user of graphics"
4,"Everything is good except the battery, it's a small capacity of 64whr. For someone who uses all-day....You end up charging multiple times."
4,It's good as it is
4,Better performance with better battery life . It's good laptop in this price range .
4,It's been 20days I'm using this laptop. It's does preety good job. It's good for students and one who have basic requirements does the job very well.. i use this for my personal and official it's giving me good.
4,Looking good till now great speed due to SSD and 8 gb of ram. It also has privacy shutter that is also good. Value for money
4,Design and performance wise this laptop is top notch... You can do light gaming also... No issue in day to day usage... Screen quality is poor.. If you're seeing with different angles and not straight'ly then screen is barely visible to you... And battery is not good... But performace wise top notch... 👌👌I Will suggest that you should go for HP laptop is this range....
4,Nice laptop 💻 👌
4,"Awesome 👍👍 laptop under 40k
I am very happy 😊"
4,Lenovo laptop having windows 11 and other good features. Also it is in budget. I am surely highly recommended for office and work from home users.
4,value for money product
4,"Better pricing then market we are getting it for less pricing then market for the same configuration online.

2 year warranty I think it's a fair deal 8GB RAM 256 GB SSD with i3 10th generation I think it deserved the price."
4,LAPTOP is really cool and fine with the stylish design but the only thing about the battery. they said 7 hours back up but it comes actual on 5 hours.
4,First experience is awesome... Real Review will after some months
4,A good product...
4,Quality is good
4,Overall good but no back light on the other wise very good Laptop.
4,Overall ok but Little bit slow like HDD
4,"After 1 week of use I find:
Performance: 5/5
Display: 3/5
Webcam: 2/5
Battery :4/5
Sound:5/5
Wifi & Bluetooth :5/5
Built quality :4/5
Touch pad :4/5
Keypad: 3.5/5
Looks: 3/5

I used to prefer HP laptop earlier but this time I chose lenevo and it's also superb one.

Battery backup: 5 hr. online, 6.5 hr offline mode

For warranty date update, you need to call lenevo customer care and if you face any difficulty in MS office activation (it comes with original office home and student 2021) you nee...
READ MORE"
4,Volume key not working 😕
4,"The touchpad sounds like a low grade plastic when you tap on it a little hard so it needs improvement. Battery backup is good, just customise battery performance in the setting. Window 11 Home is a drawback, No MS office included. Rest all other things are good like - performance, sound, design etc."
4,"After Using this laptop for a week I am giving you the honest review.

The laptop is really exceptional at this price range with i7 processor.

Best for business work.

Body is made up of polycarbonate plastic with nice friction body which helps in holding.

Display is nice .

Almost 5 hr battery backup.

I have only one issue that is the charger which comes with it is not made by Acer company due to this it's adaptor gets heat quickly.

Overall Nice experience.

Go for it."
4,I bought the laptop about 2 weeks ago. Initial impressions are that the performance of the laptop is really good. Pretty fast. Laptop looks good as well. The display is average. Sound quality can also be improved. I have also noticed some heating issues as well
4,"I bought this Mac bcz I wanted to buy a MAC! Using it for last 1 week, initial impression is great. Will update the review in future I get spare time."
4,I have used it for almost a year and my experience was great.
4,"Got it in BBD, it's an amazing machine working so good, got a good deal... thanks Flipkart 😎"
4,There is no need to review this product as when it comes to apple it gives you the best and premium feel. Though the MacBook is good the only disadvantage is the storage issue as it doesn't provide greater storage capacity.
4,Battery life is the main concern with this rest other features are good
4,"Value for money and always i personally believe in Lenovo , my first high range mobile was their company good product"
4,"Good looks and performance, battery gives 3 to 4 hours backup, and sound quality is average overall best product in this price range, value for money"
4,Good 1 I like it... Value for money
4,Nyc leptop with batrry issue
4,The performance and features are very good. But build quality is very delicate.
4,Overall Product is good. Sound is low and charging time is more.
4,"The fingerprint sensor was not working at the time of receiving the product. the acer technician was called by Flipkart. They solve the issue. Thank you flipkart for the support.
now come to the point regarding my opinion about the acer travelmate p2 214-53 (1tb )
Good thing i notice :
1. The keyboard are very soft and the touchpad works well
2. The file transfer rate is good
3. comes with win 11 23h2
4. battery life is good
5. feel so light weighted
...
READ MORE"
4,Money's sufficient for value
4,"Everything is good I brought this pc for normal use.
I have press on button little hard then usual. Rest Everything is fine"
4,"This is the Most Powerful Laptop, I have bought under 25499.....

Thanks Alot LENOVO for giving this masterpiece under my tight budget. I'll highly obliged to get this deal........

My experience regarding to this is 🔥❤️❣️💕"
4,Buy if u have budget around 30k . Performance wise ok for now . And they didn't provide ms office 😔. Battery performance is above medium level.
4,If you're budget is only 30k then you should go for this one no doubt ... But don't expect too much display is average and battery is also average otherwise with this price the design and performance
4,"Good product, but average Display in this price range"
4,Value fore money
4,"Lifetime MS Office basic also needs, will help a lot"
4,ok for home use
4,Osm 😇 mst
4,good product
4,It's too good value for money 🥰🥰.
4,"Value for money product, mainly for official use and a light gaming. Good for college students, however the display and sound speakers are not very good."
4,"5* for the look
4* performance
2* sound quality
4* webcam
4* display
Battery life while running heavy software (research software for DFT) is maximum 2 hours, otherwise in standby mode 10-12 hours is the battery life.
Data transfer speed with SATA SSD external drive is maximum 708 MBps as it has NVMe type SSD, so it's faster than the external drive.
5* for the Value for money"
4,"As per specifications mentioned (i7 11Gen, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD, Win 11) this is the best product in this price range. But, I'll rate it as 4 star because of 2 reasons
1. Sound output is of very low volume. (It is acceptable because this laptop is under Business laptops category)
2. Web Camera quality is very much below par."
4,Sound is too bad but the other thing is perfect.
4,"Good for simple task, not for multitask...."
4,Overall a good package at budget pricing
4,It's a good laptop but I would suggest to go for a latest upgrade in this price range. I got it at 58k.
4,"Fantastic laptop,
Good battery 🔋 life.
But ms office is not free"
4,Nice product for college students.
4,Good product but my only problem is that the screen can be better
4,"Only Core i7 12th Gen is remarkable, nothing special in this machine. Battery backup is devastating!"
4,NICE LAPTOP
4,Performance of the product is so good and 12th gen laptop in this price is valuable
4,not bad 👍👍
4,Yes I like this laptop As of now I have not experienced any issues as of now I am only doing small work on it and have not done any gaming so I have not experienced any issues with it yet.
4,Premium And good performance
4,"Almost good performance, design but touch pad and battery back up not good."
4,Amazing one
4,"Amazing product from HP...
Value for Money💰👍."
4,"Got at good price of this configuration.
Pros- Very light and slim. Looks nice, sound is awesome.. Processor wise fast, Design looks great.
Cons-Resolution is not satisfactory. Battery gets down very fast.
Overall value for money product. Happy wid it, hope for long lasting service..."
4,Battery is not good... but laptop very good 👍... I'm so happy 😊 buying for laptop..🥰
4,Cool professional one!!
4,Don't meet my expectations for Battery backup.
4,"Laptop is ok value for money , but battery backup is less and display average"
4,"Initial experience was gud

Will post after 1mnth usage

Got 39990 in BBD"
4,Nice look ... affordable price... smooth functioning
4,Ok
4,Good product for this pricing
4,"comparatively worthy for the price of 45k, but if just added the backlight keyboard, it would have been awesome"
4,It's fast. I love it.😁
4,"Hd scrren makes little thin and sharp fonts,needs windows update."
4,"Reviewing after one week of usage.

Firstly the laptop is very slim, light weight and it's easy to carry around. Also the build quality is great, the metallic body feels premium.

The OLED display makes the colours vibrant and dynamic making a great viewing experience.

Performance is equally good, never faced any lag during the usage.(Im not a gamer not sure how the device handles.)

No heating issue found during the usage.

Thanks to evo certified processor, this device on a single charge,...
READ MORE"
4,Battery life could have been better
4,Absolutely loved it
4,"Iam satisfied with Performance.
Display 😘
Battery good"
4,OK...OK...
4,"Value for money, running very smooth"
4,Good at 22k
4,"Nice Good laptop for browsing, entertainment, MS office, casual gaming but not for Content creation, high gaming and mining"
4,Awesome machine but battery disappointed 😞
4,Overall good product in this price range.only need for improvement battery.
4,design is not good because flap is touching to surface and its always take the load when its open and close and due to design air flow is not going to back side it will be flow towards upside. Display quality is very good and power backup is 5 hour when official work and 3 hour approx when multiple application and during watching movies.
4,Low price but product is too good 👍
4,Very nice 👍 but hiting problem
4,Not bad
4,I'm satisfied 🤝
4,"Reviewing after the use of two weeks, although the laptop is value for money build quality is also good enough.
This laptop is best fit for them who are searching for under 30K.
Performance is good only its battery drains a bit faster as it have only 2 cell combination, but overall this laptop is good.
Talk about Student whoa are looking for a budget laptop for coaching and daily tasks you can definitely go for it."
4,"Basic task can handle very easily, but not for gaming.
Battery is also not very good, but it can stay approx 2.30 hours.
Best deal under 26k.
Don't recommend it for Gaming purpose"
4,Great value for money laptop with fast processor and decent graphics processing
4,"Nice product
Proces slow hai"
4,"This item valueble in the lowest price in the item
This item better then❣️"
4,big bachat wala laptop soo good thank you flipkart
4,"This is my first leptop very nice 👍
Best performance ever 😅"
4,Fully value for money...full Paisa wasool but battery is very poor also little heating problem and performance is good at this price ...I am a student of competitive examination and reviewing this after using 1 week..🤑🤑
4,Ok good product
4,Good product in this price rang
4,"Worth it
👌"
4,Asus Rog Ally z1 non extreme is worth of money. Even play pc games in medium settings in our hand. Display is gorgeous and 120hz refresh rate buttery smooth.
4,Umm a good product for study and doing some office work not good for gaming
4,"I love it it's value for money
I m MBBS student so I have to work in online but it's so good 👍😊 tq Flipkart"
4,Overall good 👍.
4,Overall performance is best but battery is average. In 26k it's best laptop. It booting speed is 13 sec. The design is very good
4,"As per the price the performance is really good, however is not upto mark"
4,"Value for money
Amazing display
Satisfactory battery life
Overall good product for daily official task"
4,Very nice laptop 💻 good performance. Thanks Flipkart
4,Good for normal use like student and good price
4,"Better than expected best value for your money buy with confidence
I was not provided free Bluetooth neckbend"
4,Valu For Money
4,"Build Quality is Good and compact
Office 365 is LIFETIME FREE
SOUND IS GOOD
BUT display is average
As of battery, I'll review it after 10 days
Really wish type C charging is available as secondary.
Battery is good, reviewed after 7 days of usage"
4,I have been using for 10 days. Till now the performance is very good. Sometimes fingerprint doesn't work .overall very good performance in this range..
4,"I love this laptop value for money 💰
Performance 10/10
Display 10/10
Battery Back up 10/8
All over rating 10/09"
4,Amezing
4,Everything about this product is nice as it is new. I will share my experience after using it some days.
4,"It's quite good,"
4,"The performance, design, graphics it's good and at this price this is really good. The laptop does not cause heat like lenevo.
But battery life is so short it's draw too quickly😢
Only last upto 2 hrs with full chrge.
But overall if you are in tight budget I will defenitly reccmnd this, you can go for it"
4,Good enough at thos price range
4,Price not fare this laptop performance.
4,Best under this price***👍
4,Very good product
4,"Everything is good on this laptop but
Some hitting issue . design is a awesome look
14 inch."
4,Product is very good work Beatty backup low and display is 4k video support
4,Very good gaming PC in this price range.
4,I liked very m
4,"Nice 👍
I am so happy"
4,THERE IS SOME WHITE DOTS ON SCREEN.. MAY BE IT'S HAPPEN DURING TRANSPORTATION. PERFORMANCE IS GREAT IS FAST... BETTERY IS LITTLE LESS EFFICIENT AS PER ASPECTATION. GOD ACCORDING TO MONEY.
4,Perfect fit for students and learners
4,"Best in market, At this price 👌"
4,Avarge
4,"Everything is good, but no proper battery backup"
4,Product was good but charger is not working
4,"Very good laptop for the budget.
I got this for 46/- with bank offers.
I recommend if you can extend the budget go for rtx 3050 variant."
4,"Lightning fast processor, the boot time is very fast. Sound quality is good. Everything is good in this price except the battery backup. The battery is draining fast as compared to other laptop, need improvement on this."
4,Everything else is fine but battery seem to drain quickly.
4,"Product is magnificent in this price range.Under 26k this price Never disappoint you especially if you're searching a laptop for a student uses like online classes, entertainment,lite gaming etc.
Overall performance:5/5
*Battery:-4/5
*Display:-3/5
*Sound quality:-3/5
*Boot time:-the laptop is very fast in booting after putting power button it's ready to work within 10 seconds..this is best part of this laptop..5/5
*Design:-5/5(thin and light weight)
Overall value for money...🙏"
4,Amazing product..thanks flipkart for this and provide ...total product production for 3 years.
4,One of the budget laptops in under 34499
4,Good 👍👍👍
4,This laptop comes with rayzen 5 that's why I purchase this laptop but after se time of use I noticed that laptop build quality is very bad the body of this laptop is bulid of plastic. If you can have a good metel body laptop please go with that laptop if that laptop have i3 processor. You can easily run softwares in i3.
4,"Display flickers and jitters when on battery and removed from supply, this issue is probably due to the MSI AI Center which tries to save battery and reduce battery consumption.
Keyboard:5/5
RGB:5/5
Track pad:4/5
Audio:5/5 (probably the best at this price)
I/O ports: 2/5 (could do with atleast 2 more USB ports)"
4,"Good laptop.
All things are as is described in specifications.
gaming is smoother.
No more heating as gaming laptop does due to many air exhaust."
4,Very nice product ( Deepak )
4,"This laptop is very good for all types of works, but Battery backup is little bit low"
4,Good laptop with decent price. Only battery gets low fast. All okay.
4,Nice product 👍.....
4,This laptop is just Osm for use .. I am using this laptop from last 3 months and it's performance is unbelievable and Sound is just phenomenon... Just love this product v for Victus..✨
4,This product is value for money but battery is not good enough.
4,Happy
4,"For a normal user this is best of the best with special discount offers. Battery is not so cool but that will not be a problem for daily task . Performance is great. Great refresh rate and touch response.. good plastic body .
Average users don't think twice. Go for it.
Thank you Flipkart"
4,Asus vivobook 16x creator laptop is so good but when update and restart the laptop the screen has get yellow screen on all edge and corner of the screen
4,"Overall a better choice who are looking for i5 12th gen H series laptop with nvidia graphics card
Performance wise good
Display - Good
Build quality - good(metal) but display panel is looking very sensitive so use carefully
Cons -
Heating issue not high but every day use also heating
IPS glow regularly
Sometimes yellow dots at top corners because of opening so open from middle only
Battery drains drastically after 3-4 hours of normal use
Sound - not bad but speakers provided at the bottom...
READ MORE"
4,"Sound quality is good but not more .
Working time laptop heating more ,
Display is very good .
Game play smoothly 😀"
4,"Performance is good design and display graphics also good value for money but battery backup is very low im using laptop on 100% charging his running 1,1-5 hours but laptop is good I'm requesting to company to increase battery life on this product thank you ❤️"
4,"This is very good laptop for BCA bba and cs it brach students
And coder it is very useful for coder and programmer"
4,Go for it 100% original and new as shown above good performance
4,Good Laptop. Jeeves installation is free of cost.
4,Was good but due to 5.94gb ram i kinda hate it!!!
4,"Got the laptop ...it came one day before ...got it for 54 on sale ..at the time of setup the laptop was kinda slow maybe due to first time use ...but then it's working nicely no screen wobble while typing not even under fan or cooler it's totally stable .. backlight is properly working ..speed is noice...the only problem I'm having is the weight because it's heavy for everyday clg students (every gaming laptop is heavy ) and sound disappointed me a lot being a music lover it's a negative poin...
READ MORE"
4,"Only the speaker sound is low, but crisp and clear over all its perfect...and very cute, light weight"
4,"Overall laptop is good. But , battery run only about 2 to 3 hours."
4,not upto expectations. just using Wordpad and this thing is getting hang and stucked . Not happy at all.
4,"All things is good but battery back is very poor 100 to 0 in 2.45 min
In office work and gameing 1.50 min"
4,Product is good value for money brought it for 55k.but volume of speakers not upto the mark.
4,Good specs and performance. Actually I ordered a blue color but got black which I wanted to order but was not available at that time. Luckily I received black it looks cool 😂
4,Product is too good (in my personal experience) 😊❤️
4,Budget Laptop
4,"Good i5 12th gen laptop..
But battery below everage.

Design look like better hp...
Value of money laptop..."
4,"Unbelievable degein and performance....
Sound quality is average....
Battery backup very bad. If you use continuously it will give you backup upto 2 hour mostprobably...
So if U need high battery backup then dot buy it..."
4,"So to the customer who are looking for reviews on this particular product. There is a fingerprint sensor on laptop. Performance wise it is quite fast, also without power on sometimes we can see jitter. Built quality is good. Camera not so good but ok. Not for core gaming but still works pretty well. Display is great like enough bright, great refresh rate. Lastly battery, Will give around 4.5 to 5 hours with average usage(not with games) If you are looking for balanced laptop like can run heav...
READ MORE"
4,Product is good . Value for money .. but speaker are very low .. . Bad quality speakers
4,"IPS Glow or Screen Bleeding Issue. But nothing to be worried about because it's normal for IPS displays. But particularly for my device , it looks more than usual."
4,Best there has no backlight keeboard
4,Performance of this laptop is excellent and all the keys are working well also more or less battery backup is quite well it worthwhile the paid amount for this laptop..
4,Performance is best in class color is mind blowing speaker is better but battery backup is average battery draining is fast
4,"Laptop is good with this price but
Speaker is not good"
4,Laptop is good but delivery delay 🥲
4,"This is a very good product. Every product has some demerits so do with this product.
Positive :
Value for money
Pretty good display
i5 11th Gen
8 GB DDR4 RAM
512 GB SSD
4 GB NVIDEA
4GB Intel graphics
Best for coding as I personally doing app development
Decent gaming also
Performance packed product

Negative :
No type C charge so can't connect to duct
Avarage battery life
Slightly heating issue with heavy weight softwares like Visual Studio, Oracle SQL
No MS Office License

Curious t...
READ MORE"
4,Good laptop for all everything
4,nice
4,Nice n
4,Nice
4,The laptop is value for money I like the design and less weight easy to use the features and quality is good sound quality screen is fine overall like this product 👍
4,"Great gaming laptop
Love it totally.
Battery works only for few hours!.
Disappointed by battery.
But great laptop"
4,It was awesome it was my dream
4,Superb laptop
4,Good laptop at this price renge.. Battery drain within 2hr while gaming or 5-6 hr for normal uses.. Charging speed was great with 120w super fast charger.
4,I am using this laptop since 2months. i am not a heavy user. My concern is battery backup only 2 to 3hrs available that laptop. fast charging available but battery backup is important
4,Excellent laptop under 60k budget at present just go for it...
4,"Overall Machine is good but the problem is Battery.
To optimise it turn off 144hz refresh rate, turn on battery saver with 40% of the brightness and hence you will get extra 1 to 1.5 hr extra(If it 100% charged) and yes without playing a video game.
While playing a game always connect to your Charger."
4,"Bought it for 28K after exchanging my 8yrs old laptop which went for 15K. Very good performance for this segment, ram and storage can be extended which is a plus. Battery back is decent. Over all rating is 4/5"
4,In this price range no one can beat this beast
4,Display is amazing and performance is very fast and overall if you have bought in sale than its a very good deal...the only problem I have faced is battery drains very fast.
4,"overall laptop is quite good,but when it comes to battery it works like desktop always plugged in."
4,Cheap and best laptop
4,Everything was good but the sound bit lower
4,Best laptop in this price
4,Please Improve Battery Otherwise All Are Good
4,Product is ok
4,"Performance 5/5
Design 5/5
Battery 3/5
Display 4/5
Camera 2/5
Overall value for money"
4,"A must have one if you are searching to do some accounting work, like sap fico and tally. Ms 365 not available so you need pirated version. Iris xe graphics card makes it run smooth with 1235u processor. Will write another review after a year."
4,"Purchase for games bad
But daily work usage best laptop and design"
4,Overall the product is awesome.The only problem is that the fan vent which throws air towards display makes the display a little hot while gaming on high graphics.hence may make problem after some years
4,"Good for coding and also normal gaming
Best budget gaming laptop"
4,Product is okay. But battery 🔋 drain fastly. otherwise all is super.
4,"Value for money product
You can use for havy load also
Greate gaming experience in this price range
Lenevo gives always best in low price"
4,Good one 👍👍
4,Nice fps in gta v
4,"First of all its a fabulous laptop for gaming. It is good for those who are looking for more than casual gaming, but it is not for those who want be a professional gamer, Good laptop for this price range..."
4,Excellent product but faced little touchpad issue at starting due to updates. Overall this laptop is beast on this price segment. Display is marvelous. Best gaming experience in this laptop.
4,Best product ❤️
4,It's a office type laptop playing games while changing get it to heat a little 😁
4,"I have been using this MSI Modern 14 laptop since last week. Performance, Display, Design, Keybord and all the other features are good except MSI Laptop battery life..All over its good product... Definitely go for it👍🏻"
4,"Laptop's performance is very good.
but I'm very disappointed about the battery and sound (very low)😔
over all I'll give 3.5 str for this laptop.."
4,"I have been using this laptop for a few weeks now, so here is my review:

1. This laptop is quite good for business and office use.
2. The display quality is decent.
3. With 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD, it is sufficient for business and office tasks.
4. Coding can be done comfortably on this laptop.
5. Light gaming is possible, though more demanding games may struggle.
6. There are some heating issues that I have noticed.
7. The battery lasts approximately 3.5 hours on a full charge.
8. It co...
READ MORE"
4,Good one
4,"I purchased this product 1 week back. Received it on time. The first thing i would like to share is MSi is not so user friendly unlike HP/Lenovo so when I received the laptop, i was facing an issue of battery drain and there were heating issues as well. But then some updates and some tweaks here and there helped me solve the battery and heating issue.

The laptop is very powerful if it is used for office work or even for content watching it is very good in that segment though the sound qualit...
READ MORE"
4,"The product is Good, but when it's come to size it's a bit smaller compared to HP 15s, and it's Body is made from plastic, and numerical keyboard is also missing, if we compared to HP, DELL, Lenovo the laptop size and display size (14inch) is small... And coming to it's battery backup we can't expect more than 3 hour's of battery backup....."
4,"Pros:- 1-Fit finish overall quality is very good at this price range, value for money.
3- Performance is exceptional no doubt.
2- Keyboard backlight is very helpful.
3- Keyboard clicks and. trackapd are very responsive.
4- Good and bright display.
5-Light and handy.
Cons
1- Heats up while performing heavy tasks.
2- Not for hardcore gaming.
3- Camera quality should have been improved.
4- Sound from the speakers are very low."
4,Grt purchase i bought it around 40k and in this price this is d best laptop available. Sound of d speaker is below average aprt from that everything is gud.
4,Everything is nice at this cost ..Battery backup is 5h if you start using at 100% ..web camera is not good but it's ok... overall uh can buy it if u are able to compromise with battery and camera..
4,"Every thing is good about this laptop, only thing which I feel that could be better is the Battery.
Rest of all is 5 star"
4,Product is good but packaging is not at all good
4,Good product...
4,It's very Good looking cool
4,Good good 😊
4,Nice product 😃😃
4,"Value for money 💯
Display 8/10
Battery 7/10
Performance 9/10
Sound 8/10"
4,Best product
4,Battery life and display is worst other than it is good for me
4,"Everything is good except the battery and sound.
Battery draining very fast and sound is very low"
4,Performance in this range is really surprising. Battery life is decent and eye catching design. The viewing experience is really fabulous. But the sound quality is below average. You have to use external speakers or earphones while watching even in front of the laptop.
4,Everything good with this price expect sound quality is too low and battery backup 3-4hr depend upon your task
4,"product is smooth , light weight. battery back up is average.
sound is slightly low but sound quality is good.
performance is good"
4,Used 4 days good
4,Very good experience satisfied
4,Good product worth of money
4,"I have been using this laptop for 5 months. here is a quick review

pros: Performance wise is very nice
Design is simple
Ryzen 7 processor is damn good
Good for editing and coding.
Backlit keyboard is great

cons: Battery is not up to the mark
Sometimes It takes time to open
apps even after having 16 GB ram

But still a great investment. U can go for it"
4,"The product is good but battery gone down very fast please improve the battery power
Other wise product is good"
4,"Awesome product.
Value for money"
4,I review this product using five months .performance is good 👍 but battery 🔋 backup is 4 to 5 hours only for regular use ..
4,ALL ARE GOOD 👍BUT FEW ISSUES OF DRAINING BATTERY🔋
4,Very good laptop in this price range if compared to Hp. Build quality is good. Battery is also decent give 3.5 to 4h backup in normal usage. Only one cons is sound is low as compared to other laptop.
4,"The sound quality is not loud, my mobile speaker is better than the laptop speaker, otherwise it is a good product."
4,"Battery also good no issue,"
4,Everything is fine. There's a bit of a heating issue. Try to give it proper air flow for long tun
4,"The product is good and delivered on time by flipkart.
At first usage, I can feel the laptop is dissipating more heat via keyboards too. I even places my laptop in a laptop stand for proper air ventilation, even though when running multiple application i can feel some heat dissipating through the keys which is bit uncomfortable while doing work.
Camera is bit average only with proper indoor lighting condition i can indentify my face but with more noise/grains in the image.
Audio quality is g...
READ MORE"
4,Very good configuration for domestic purpose.
4,very good performance love this laptop😍
4,"This laptop is very nice however display and battery backup should be improved. Performance, build and design and speakers are nice. Overall a decent product for day to day use. You should go for it."
4,Laptop is very working good but battery back up is drained very fast
4,So nice and very best laptop on this prize 🏆 Best laptop of students ❤️❤️
4,V v gud product.value for money.........also thanks flipkart Or asus
4,Asus should improve the power of this laptop's battery
4,Good product it is perfect quality
4,No good
4,Everything is good except battery
4,"Good for this price range , if you are doing productive things, occasional gaming etc. this laptop is very useful for my task.

I'm college student and this laptop is very powerful according to this price. only thing is Missing is Microsoft office life time subscription. if you're budget is tight then go for it.

Some important tips -

1. Battery backup is around 2.5 - 3.0 hours ( on heavy use like gaming, editing,3d modeling etc. ) try to use while charging.

2. Must buy a cooling pad some...
READ MORE"
4,Good for multitasking
4,"Extrordinary performationce machine. i have been using it since 20 days no issue found yet. Absolutely fine and happy product and graphic is enough for my tasks.
but only the thing is heat fans are so loud when you use power option mode as better performance mode."
4,Gd
4,Should have another hard disk for storage and card reader
4,Best value for money
4,My backlit is not working i don't know why otherwise it's good
4,Ellam okk tha but sound quality tha konjom average ah irukku ana storage 512 illaaa 475 thaa irukku athula konjom emathittanga finger print semma fast ahh irukku smooth ahh irukku ❤️
4,"Full paisa vasul. Value for money go for it ,best for students.you can run BlueStacks 10 with upto 5 instances."
4,"The product is amazing on this price but the battery goes down fastly , but in all it is good 👍"
4,"The Asus VivoBook 15 on this price range with Core i3 11th Gen processors offers reliable performance and a sleek design. However, the display quality falls short of expectations, which can be a significant drawback if you rely on your laptop for tasks that demand a better screen. If you can overlook the display aspect and prioritize performance, these laptops could still be a good choice for your needs."
4,All are OK bt bettery drain too quick
4,Product is good. But display is little dull
4,Super performance nice experience
4,Excellent laptop
4,"I like these products
Cam is just average and display and battery performance is nice,build quality is better than expected
But I didn't started gaming yet,so it didn't check the rtx power
Overall value for money
I liked this product"
4,"Good so far, will update soon (5 July 24)"
4,"The laptop is good but it generates a lot of hot air near the display during gaming, I am worried for the display"
4,"good product in this price range . this is my first laptop .so this is a good purchase for me .
ALLHAMDULILLAH.
I hope it will fulfill my requirements in btech ai and ml course.
INSHALLAH"
4,"Giving this Laptop 4 star because everything is superb. Build is solid, Design is very minimal and aesthetic not bulky as other gaming laptop's that's best for video editors like me. But the only drawback is battery life it's around 2 hours on normal + heavy use. If you are going to use it as a desktop computer and not gone use so much in outdoors then you can buy this laptop. It will worth your money ✅"
4,"Built quality is very good.
Best laptop for designers and engineers who work with quality and accuracy.
Graphic card unbelievable 👍🏻"
4,"good to use looking beautiful.
Display good
Performance nice
Battery may be good"
4,Battery performance is so so.. other things are value for money.
4,Everything works fine except the battery it drains too fast only 1 and half hours total SOT..
4,"Budget laptop..
Very nice"
4,The laptop is value for money 💰
4,Product is good but delivery period is long
4,Overall is best in this segment
4,Worthy for money
4,Value for money. But sometimes little bit problems. Like suddenly display off.
4,"Very good product, very fast working"
4,Nice and quick access very faster start.....
4,"1. Design is nice.
2. performance is good.
3. free mcafee antivirus for 1 year.
4. Window 11 home installed and working fast.I am using windows 11 and SSD drive first time. SO it takes time to understand its function.
5. It has glideX for 1 year.
6. It has screen mirror also.
7. it has own app for transfer files from mobile to laptop.
8. fingerprint sensor working fast .
9. It operates with wifi faster and also Bluetooth is fast.
10. its ports are working fine.
11. Battery performance is good...
READ MORE"
4,"Good product, performance good,product is quality ."
4,"In this price range, you can't find a device that's built better than this. Everything about it - from the tab itself to the kickstand, keyboard cover, and pen - feels nice and premium.

The display is gorgeous! Hands down one of the best screens I've looked at in a while. It's super bright, I've had no trouble with visibility outdoors. The colors are great.

The performance (for day to day tasks) is quick and snappy. Android apps run well, but you will notice some stutters with heavy tasks...
READ MORE"
4,Good product.
4,Good to use
4,Good for normal day to day work
4,"I'm writing this after 4 days of use!
Let's start with the design first- Pretty simple and sleek design (although it's a gaming laptop) but I like it, it has a backlit keyboard and a fingerprint sensor too (which works good).
Now to the battery- it gives around 4 hours of backup on normal use. If you are playing games play with the charger connected.
Performance is really smooth I have the 16 gb version, I've seen no issues with performance.
The display is good with enough brightness.
It's a ...
READ MORE"
4,Fan noise a little bit high on performance mode. Overall good purchase. No problem at all.
4,"I use in last 1 month it a good products
Desine - 5/5
Battery -3/5
Performance - 4/5
Sound - 3/5
It's have fingerprint senser"
4,Nice for this segment.
4,Overall According to price this is the best laptop 💻
4,Everything is good performance always good but battery life very low. one month review
4,🔋 battery is 2cell😞 and all of them ok⚡backlit keyboard not
4,Professional
4,"so far it's really good, doesn't misbehave at all"
4,This product is very good
4,It's a valuable price product
4,Good product at this price
4,Love the product
4,Good and best product MSI
4,"The product is good but the battery drains fast too.
The base clock speed is 1.3GHZ only
Overall style, performance all great value for money"
4,"Display: 5 star
Audio: 3
Battery:4.5
Performance: 3.5"
4,"Laptop Is Very Nice And Smooth In Performance Battery Backup Is Good.But Flickering Issue Is Seen Sometimes In Screen.
Colour Grading And Brightness Is Top Notch.
Over All Powerful Pack.
Only The Con is Sometime Flickering Issue Of Screen.😊😊👍👍"
4,Just amazing. This laptop is very amazing. 🤩🤩🤩
4,"Purchase with smile and enjoy working on this beautiful machine.
Just loving the ergonomic design and performance.
Battery will last for 3-4 hr for continuous use rest all the satisfactory."
4,"Good performance 💪

Display 3.5/5🤩

Battery 🔋 4/5💪

Speaker 🔊 3.9/5🤩

Power on Time ~6 to 7 Second 💪

Performance 4.4/5💪💪

Video quality 3.9/5🤩

Value For money 💸💸 5/5🥰"
4,Awesome! Thanks for Flipkart
4,"Go for it.
It is working smoothly right now.if there will be
any problems come.i will update it here"
4,It's really good ❤️
4,In this price range it's good
4,It is actually a android laptop. Good for online classes and light office works. Not suitable for heavy works. Front camers average only...
4,Nice no complain
4,Running good.
4,Good for Online Classes.
4,"Please note that this laptop is for extremely basic usage like YouTube, basic word processing using Google docs etc. If that's what you need then this laptop is for you... It's best feature is it's battery life which can easily stretch to nearly 6 hours plus. It also has Android apps but the implementation is kind of awkward and uneven"
4,"Only problem is You can't upgrade ram.
Other wise best in i3 segment."
4,"So, after lot of searching and searching, finally, I purchased this Book4 I3 Variant.
Since, I have a galaxy S23, a tab S9FE Plus, a Galaxy watch 4 Classic, a Galaxy Buds, I had no other options rather that this Galaxy Book.
With all my stated products, everyone can now easily guess, I have everything on a Budget price.
As such, I had no other options rather than the I3 variant.

Coming to the laptop - the only difference is only the processor in all the Book4 and its the cheapest one.
But th...
READ MORE"
4,"Value for money good at this price segment
Could be more better
But it's good to go for basic and daily work
Good for students and office work"
4,"I'm using acer laptop since 2020 , nice laptop"
4,Overall the laptop is good enough for this price range but the con is battery drain is fast either charge is slow and the performance was awesome..
4,A very good Laptop. For gaming I would say its pretty good can play games at high settings with any noticeable frame drop. Battery wise its okay not too good but not too bad either. Display is pretty good.
4,Nice product 👍
4,"Bought for my cousin kids, they are happy with the product. Using it for online classes now"
4,Good product with compact design
4,If it's use by kids then it's good but not for any kind of useful works like playing free fire or pubg on it
4,"Performance - Ok
battery- Ok
Display- Ok
speaker - average"
4,So far so good
4,"It's a great laptop for productivity, and multimedia consumption. Not recommended for Gaming but it can handle heavy tasks such as editing videos and pictures. Got it updated and runs pretty well"
4,"This is great laptop for productivity nd creative works, as well as multimedia experience is very good....And Dynamic Amoled touchscreen display is pretty well. Light weight nd thin laptop, easy to carry.... and premium look. But battery backup is not good....."
4,Sound quality is average. Other than this everything is awesome.
4,Best laptop in this budget
4,"Performance is good but sound is a big issue, so you need separate speakers. Battery is ok during normal usage like watching movies and all, drains faster during gaming which is obvious."
4,"Dear buyers,,

This chromebook is very sleek, absolutely light in weight, ease in grip n carry, perfect partner for travelling n experience, long battery life.

Things which I have missed is proper day to day work in ms office and touchscreen,

Pros
Light weight
Fit in almost all travelling bags,
Having web cam, can used for video calling, (camer seems to be just ohkay ohkay)
Best part is Google Assistance over voice recognition without any touch.
Speedy boots up.
Cover with rubber type thin...
READ MORE"
4,"Nice product. good for online classes and basic stuff like surfing, online videos etc. value for money if you get under 17K after card discount. Highly recommended over tablets and large screen mobile. Go for it without any second thought. I observed 3-4
times that it hangs if you use while charging. Not observed normally."
4,"Nice chromebook . Portable.Light.Fast.
Good for students .Nice to carry in bag."
4,"This laptop is good for normal work, programming or moderate gaming but now for very high performance.The build quality of laptop is very nice( would feel like you are holding MacBook).
The sound quality is normal ( didn't meet the expectation), display quality is also good but brightness may disappoint you ( does not look like 300nits). The battery backup is perfect. It comes with C-type charging port which supports thunderbolt cable ( good reason for me to buy this laptop)"
4,"Value for money. With android and Linux apps support, Chrome OS is better than ever. I've been using a different Asus chromebook for past 3 years and I could always depend on it whether it is for speed, reliability, or battery backup. I would always choose a mini laptop over tablet.

Reasons for not giving 5 stars for this model:
* Only 3 years support (end of life: June 2024). Reinstalling a different OS (Linux) is not straightforward and using outdated Chrome OS is not recommended
* I notic...
READ MORE"
4,Good product
4,Product is awesome 💯😎
4,It's good but it's lagging bit while using multiple tabs in browser
4,Just for kids to attend online classes
4,"Good in under 40K,
Battery back up ok
speed -ok
display resolution ok
one more is battery back need to improve more its not for 8 hrs too."
4,Product is good.
4,Seee
4,"Got this for 63k,and for the price this is a killer laptop. Although the 4800H is not as good in single core performance compared to I7 10th gen, multi-core performance is much better,multitasking, gaming,and heavy processing software are a breeze to work with the 144 refresh rate is awesome.

For now the only let down was the audio volume being too low. However I was able to download a volume booster app from ms store and that too is taken care off.

The battery is average as expected.
Displ...
READ MORE"
4,This is my first laptop in my life...so I'm very happy this product...it's really good laptop for gaming and editing🔥
4,Good product but over priced
4,Giving review after use of 1 year . Wonderful laptop . Display quality is ossom must buy .
4,"It is a amazing laptop for gaming and working also i like this laptop awesome product
Must buy and value for money product
I bought in 65k 8gb /512 gb
For gaming that is best product"
4,The look of the laptop is really nice but it lagging something when I play NFS and using auto cadd
4,"1. Well gaming laptops don't have long battery life that's for sure.

2. Although the screen is bright enough, but an anti glare display along with these brightness would have been better.

3. We have to plug in the charger to be able to play high end games like gta v, AC series, RDR 2, Battlefield Series, COD series etc. GTA V in 1080p setting gives around 60 fps on average, other games gives e.g, RDR2 on medium settings 40fps, Valorant high settings 80-100 fps.

4. Well I have to give pr...
READ MORE"
4,"Value For money...If you Got it 50k to 55k range
Cons - Battery and display
Otherwise It's Good.❤️"
4,"CPU not up to the mark
GPU is more than enough
I think 4gb GPU is more value for money as per CPU"
4,"Has good performance
Battery as expected of gaming laptop
Display is ok
Design is decent
Temperature issue : my laptop temperature rise up to
97
Best used for daily purpose and gaming
For full-time game go for dedicated gaming laptop"
4,There is concern with regard to speed. Apart from that everything is good
4,The product is fabulous only issue I am having is it doesn't have expandable Ram option so think twice before buying this yeah I can manage with it but it would have a great deal if this laptop comes with expandable Ram option. Only reason 4 Stars
4,"Beautiful product
Battery backup average
Performence good
40k bought also good"
4,"Overall build quality is very good though it is a plastic build. Performance is decent for regular day to day task. Not for heavy usage. Battery life around 7-7.5 hours with normal usage. Display quality is also not good as compare to IPS display. It has 8gb 2400 MHz RAM which is not considerable in 2022. That's why performance is little bit slow. Keyboard is good but visibility is not very good. Touchpad is smooth and responsive. Overall software experience is good. It should be value for mo...
READ MORE"
4,"Overall laptop is very good, but only key board letter expected more visibility."
4,Nice product and very best prafomase 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
4,Best leptop in this price
4,Overall performance is good
4,Good.
4,Nice product go for it.......
4,"Product is good but price too high and ssd 256 gb is very low if ssd storage had be more then 512gb, it would have been a very good on this price range."
4,"Good experience...its better use for office, home and good gaming experience... Go for it"
4,"-Performance
Performance is good enough for day to day work, multitasking, light gaming and for normal video and photo editing.

-Design and Build Quality
Simple and classic design, looks professional and has good build quality.

-Display
The display size and resolution are adequate for most tasks, but it may not be ideal for those who require a higher-resolution screen for graphic design or video editing.

-Battery Life
The battery life is average, Under light usage, such as web browsing, ...
READ MORE"
4,Finger print senser is must important but hp forgetting thi fracture
4,Good Laptop
4,ADAPTER HEATS TOO MUCH.OVERALL PERFORMACE IS GOOD.
4,Price is quite high..if you get under 35 k then it's good.. display is good.. not outstanding.. battery backup also average..processer is average..built quality is quite impressive... sometimes it lagg..
4,Gud product
4,Best quality 👌 👏 🙌
4,"Over Good performance based laptop for daily use and not heavy use
Also it comes with sleek and stylish designs and with good performance."
4,According to the price is good but performance is quite slow everything works fine overall good deal for budget laptop go for it
4,"Beautiful design, perfomance"
4,Product is good in this range. But the display is too bad.
4,"I stole this product with an extremely affordable price and all the features are worth it for the basic users. I have purchased it for 33k and 24k with exchange. Otherwise go for other laptops, you will definitely get a better laptop for that price. Due to this offer, i am able grab this product with the lower price. All features are good for basic use and the only thing i was not satisfied with is, the display!. Apart from this all are good. So, grab this product only it's available for belo...
READ MORE"
4,Product is awesome. I will change my review after using 1 week.
4,Must buy product .Value for money
4,Its Budget Friendly. And good .
4,This is thing I want to be...It s worked suprb fast due to ssd Value for money really worth it
4,Donno I felt like subtle slow in performance. But overall very good one.
4,I mean it's alright
4,"Performance 4/5
Display 3.5/5
Sound 2/5 ( volume is really very low on 100% volume it feels like the video is playing at 30% volume)
Keyboard 4/5
Software 4/5
Overall 3.5/5"
4,Worth buying
4,Good for normal usage. ACER quality is maintained.
4,Laptop was very nice performance and build and design was very good but battery backup was not good.
4,Go for it Guys..value for money 💰
4,"Hp is ...Supper laptop,I. Am happy 😊😊😊"
4,Worth for price
4,"This product is suitable for school children to learn and practice the operation of laptop.. this is a basic model where you cannot use it for huge gaming like pubg, programming or running some large files.."
4,"Very good product 🥺 , it's battery even lasted more than my 1st relation ❤️🤌 , loved the product , the graphics it shows in games is mesmerizing like my ex's eyes , the body this product has is too sleek 🫶 but heavy also overall great product"
4,Good laptop. Looking also nice. But this laptop s in window DOS. I loaded window 11 now. Good speed. Battery back up is so good
4,HP Laptop is an excellent budget laptop for general use....
4,Nice looking and value for money product
4,Display battery quality and profamce is good for students. I like 😍 it the laptop 💻
4,Windows 10 better perfomance
4,Design is very nice but battery performance is 4/5 hour only.. Charging speed is better
4,"Given its affordable price point, this product surpasses expectations in virtually all areas, with only slight compromises on weight and battery life, a minor drawback that is far outweighed by its numerous advantages, making it an exceptional value for the price and leaving me extremely pleased with the purchase."
4,Apart from battery Good Laptop for this budget
4,"Good one, all i n one, performance wise"
4,Battery perfomance could have been better
4,Excellent Thanks Flipkart
4,Good Product 👍
4,Nyc one
4,Happy no
4,Best in price
4,I liked it but battery so fastly down without power but so good💕
4,Everything is good but while charging charger and laptop is heating.
4,Good laptop with a premium feel. Overall good for the price.
4,"Battery 4-5Hr
8 GB ram (non Expandable)
lifetime MS office 2019
super speed"
4,"Overall good for daily tasks.
It is not for gaming. It gives battery back up for 4-6 hours while browsing, doing MS office works, video playing.
The built quality is top notch 👌."
4,This prodecect is absolutely ossom
4,As I expected! This product is osm...go for it....
4,"Every thing is nice and clean, ryzen 5500U provide beast performance while doing heavy tasks in power bi, premiere,ps. ms office is cheery on top for students. The only problem is there is no backlit keyboard, or else it's pretty good you should go for it if you find it near 45-48k."
4,Acer company is helping poor who could effort laptops under 20k that why I buy ur laptop...thanks 👍
4,Product is very good and love to use this product one like for the company.
4,Almost okay
4,Nice and good product for this price
4,Overall good but battery performance it's not good and you all can buy this laptop for office work
4,I am reviewing hp chromebook after using it for 3 months. Battery life is very good and full hd display is nice performance...👍
4,Best laptop under this price range but battery drain too fast and It's getting slightly hotter.
4,Good for study and learning purpose.
4,"Overall, this laptop is very good at this price range. only one thing is disappointed us battery backup."
4,Good product for Normal wark
4,"Awesome product at these price range...
IPS Display with backlit keyboard is really nice.."
4,"Pros:
1. Performance good
2. Backlit Keyboard
3. Strong battery power
4. Low weight
5. Display is top notch
6. Keypad gesture is very much advantage

Cons:
1. No fingerprint unlock
2. No webcam shutter
3. It does not support 180 degree flexibility. So with kids at home you have to take much care on this laptop.

Overall
Good to buy this for personal and office work at this price."
4,"Excellent design & display.
Performance is Very good.
Battery life is average.
All over a Great purchase !!!
~a happy customer:)"
4,"Everything is fine except the build quality
It could be better at this price range
I don't know why ppl are blaming it for its battery performance it has a decent battery with 6-7 hr battery life.
I will update my review after 15 days of use"
4,"Sound quality is good
Designand build quality is awesome
Normal performance
Dispaly is bad
Microsoft office home and student 2021
Windows 11"
4,Very nice 🙂
4,Good acer laptop
4,Good for basic work and office work value for money
4,"For all the college going students looking for a best laptop for study purpose, this is the best option to go for ."
4,All good but little bit slow in some funcation but ist superb prodect it's so use full for office persons and students
4,Good for studies. Smooth processor for multitasking in Chrome. It does not support all play store gemes and apps ( E.g. Office mobile ). Some of the apps are not in latest updated.
4,"PROS
1.overall performance is good.
2.touch sensitivity is good.
3.display quality is good.
4.15.6 inch touch is attracting.

the main CONS are
1. no backlit keyboard
2.we cant rotate the lid 360 degrees.
3. BETTER BUY I5 PROCESSOR IN THIS .
4.SOUND QUALITY OK.
5.overall build quality compromised."
4,Better
4,Simply ok
4,Quite good
4,Great for normal usage. I didn't try any games yet.
4,All good except Microsoft Office not available.
4,Such a nice product..... performance is very well ....I like it.....I recommend to buy this laptop in this price range
4,"Used it for 2 days -
PC boots up in 6 seconds.
After battery calibration - battery performance is absolutely great.
Got free microsoft office, 100gb free on Dropbox, mcafee security for a month
If you are buying pc for college, assignments or learn basics computer language - go for it.


Camera is not really good.
Haven't played games yet, waiting for weekend. Will try a few."
4,"Nice product
Battery life 4 to 5 hr
Display very nice
Look awesome 👌"
4,"Best for students, really it is too awesome but only for students, not for gaming editing or other perpose"
4,Best Product for Student
4,Battery is great but heavy use heating there but great for Normal works usage
4,Nice prodect
4,This Chromebook for any competitive exam students for mock test and lecture evrything you can do
4,Product is good for students but not well proper for high performance like gaming and editing
4,Love it....
4,"Overall good product,nicely working
i am happy .😊"
4,Good One 💚😎💚
4,Superb display
4,Absolutely value for money. Best part is the display.
4,"I recently purchased a laptop and have been thoroughly impressed with its performance and features. The laptop has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use and carry around. The laptop's display was clear and vibrant, offering excellent color accuracy and sharpness."
4,"Everything is good but many time screen flickering issue
Happening"
4,Just wow so happy
4,Everything good but Prosser heat to fast but performance too good 👍 battery backup 4-5 hours... This buying for coding and office work and also buy for casual gaming
4,"If This isn't a backlight keyboard don't know what they're talking about 🤪
it's a backlight keyboard, value for money option,use Nahimic app to enhance the audio profile, Screen resolution is not bad for being a laptop screen,All round it's a 👍,I found no flaws for the first day of stress testing, missing HDD installation screws as shown in review videos online (minor complaint)"
4,"best
just looking like 😙 wow"
4,Nice product........value for money
4,As I expect.
4,Everything is good good processor fingerprint but there is no keyboard light
4,Excellent Product Good To Use Valu For Money
4,Nice product...but battery backup is not good
4,"The laptop is very good under 40k, but battery is on weaker side other than that aal is good."
4,"The look and feel is very good, if talking about performance if you are looking to buy for office use then go for it . Good backup. I've been using it for 10 days now . And I didn't find any issues with the battery and the single full charge lasted for more than 10 hours when used normally . You will get a bit of heating initially but with updates.the heating will get low.."
4,"The product is very good .
Display is osm ..
Performance is very good
Only one problem sound is very slow"
4,Awesome product.....
4,Nice for use
4,Very nice product
4,"ok, but MS office only trail version"
4,Very good
4,"The product is very good, especially the cooling system is awesome. The build quality of the product is robust."
4,"Who need to buy this, All thing is good battery not lasting much. Personally i love it"
4,Looking good 👍🏻😊
4,Very nice
4,Overall good
4,Good performance in this price 👍
4,Nice product..working well
4,Good to use value for money
4,"Under forty thousand price product is excellent.
Touch response of screen is nice.
Display quality, body quality, keyboard quality is very good.
There is a microsd card slot present which not mention in description.
Battery capacity is 4hour at normal use.
Heat dissipation is average but placed upon an elevated surface heat release happen smoothly ."
4,Rar files transmitted with problems but very nice laptop
4,Worthy for money...good display quality and charge stability..
4,After few months it's process is slow and heating too much but it is good product you have to purchase it I love it thankyou Flipkart 😊
4,Ok for normal use
4,"1) Display is very good 4 ratting
2) performance is good 3.5 ratting
3) Sound Quality Medium 3 ratting
4) build Quality good 4 ratting
5) best any other laptop 4 ratting"
4,It's a good product under 45k.It's display is the most Impressable part of it. Offcource you can buy it without and doubt.
4,"Display Is Great , Sound of Dolby Speakers Is little low.. Overall, Product is Superb."
4,It's value for money
4,Just looking like a wow ❤️🥰
4,"Good battery
Super display ( blink problem) it will change in update
Good performance
Value for money"
4,Display is Awesome... Performance is also good
4,I was a pc user so for similar specs it feels lower performance ofcourse and go for a better laptop (it also has non extendable ram)otherwise for very basic usage it's very good due to its OLED screen
4,"Good for daily task,, content watching, sound good"
4,This product is value for money.... Very nice and satisfied...
4,"Really good
Best display
Good performance
Giving good battery life for now
Everything seems good for now"
4,Loptop is good 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
4,Value for money 💰😊👌
4,"Very nice laptop,in budget for basic use.."
4,This is super product for students....it work very fast. Start in only 4 to 5 seconds. Only problem is battery backup. Battery remains for 3 hours . But charging is very fast.😘 i love it
4,"This is my review after 1week usage everything is fine good design, display,sound.But the battery is not too long lasting. Super fast booting.Go for it."
4,In this price range it will be better bcz others Brand give more features especially to see Performance... overall Good 😊
4,This product is amazing study perfece is best laptop
4,Good brand
4,Exactly performance
4,Good product at this price range 37k
4,I bought the laptop for Android studio with emulator and it's working great. I am disappointed with the display but it make sense for the price. For me performance is good so I hope i get used to the display
4,Good to use.....
4,Good product in budget.
4,Super leptop
4,Good Product
4,Display screen quality best 👍
4,Not Bad
4,All most good product
4,Good laptop at this price .only sad thing is there is no backlit .other wise good
4,"Awesome laptop
Better than i5 10th gen
Even with UHD graphics card which is of 4gb
I can play GTA 1080p high resolution and medium settings at 30 fps
And 720p at continue 60fps
I have tested
Witcher 3
Hitman 2
Far cry 5
Watch dogs 2
Sekiro
All played at 25+ fps
Very smooth performance
Awesome for daily usage too...
Good enough battery life ....
Can buy for normal 2-4 hrs of gaming and daily tasks....
Totally WORTH IT..."
4,Good one.
4,"Great product for the price, you cannot complain much about this model. Colour accuracy is not that great. Display part so thin that if you use it roughly, you might break it. If you ignore these two, its a top notch product at this price point."
4,The product is very good....i m happy for its performance...it looks also very good....its running successfully...
4,Value for money laptop at this price u didnt get better with the present available options.
4,"The laptop design and performance is very good , although the one thing lacking is its battery considering its only 38whr , but it can work for about 4-5 hours on low usage. Rest valorant runs smoothly on it. Its display is also very gud."
4,Still early days and might do a review later once again. No fingerprint sensor was a let down. Overall good purchase if you are not too fixated on finger print sensor. USB C charging port is a bonus. Had expected the battery backup to be better but currently it's close to 4 hours. Will review this once again after couple of months
4,It's good value for money 💰
4,good laptop
4,Performance Best but Build Quality Average
4,Best Buy
4,"Everything is working pretty good except a small issue of battery, it is a bit faster in discharging. But if are running low power consumption softwares,it's perfect."
4,"Very good product, Pen charger cable doesn't found in the box"
4,Everything is good but it kinda heats up with prolonged use
4,"laptop performance is good , but battery is not good"
4,"I just received the product today(4th Oct, 2024).

In my initial experience, the laptop is looking very nice and light weight. It is also good and working fine for now. I didn't like the Power key because it is too small. Backlit keyboard available but very low light that I don't like as well as the keyboard letters are very low visibility. The display is ok if you will see from the front, if you will see from the side it is like negative. I will use and check more details. After some months ...
READ MORE"
4,"Value for money
Best budget laptop"
4,"Product is good if an only if comes under 46k .Performance is decent, equivalent ryzen processors perform better than this processor.Battery is amazing."
4,Performance and design of the laptop is good. The speaker is terrible for a laptop. Even a mobile phone speaker is louder and clearer compared to this.
4,Its. Good laptop value of money 💰
4,Best product but display quality poor..
4,Best laptop under 65k
4,Small size and good looking
4,Value for money product under 28k but build quality is poor performance is good 😊
4,"It's built in quality, performance at this price point."
4,"Very nice product
Budget laptop
Performance is good
Sound is ok
Heating is there more"
4,Enjoy with your laptop guys
4,Good product from hp. It is awesome product. It's looking very stylish. Good batery backup and given 65w fast charger....
4,Very slim & light weight go for it
4,After using 1 week it works good. This laptop is best laptop for student and small business works. Laptop start only in 5 second and battery backyp only 4 to 5 hours.. And this laptop is heating after 10 to 15 minutes of using which is bad to use but it will be negligible. So I give it 4 star out of 5. All are ok only battery backup and heating issue is I fell bad in this laptop.
4,"Excellent Performance, High Speed 4/5 star rating"
4,Best laptop with graphic performance is best and cooling pad technology is awasom
4,Elegant design and Fast speed
4,Best product.
4,Awesome buy and good value for money laptop
4,"Beautiful Laptop, beautiful display, nice and smooth performance very good processor only concern that ms office is only for 6 months🥹🥹"
4,"Battery backup is quite good .approx 4 to 5 hr easily get without gaming..
Must by 16gb ram variant.."
4,"The Laptops is excellent in performance and usage for gaming and movies .
One thing it's lacking is sound quality, sound is very less , My smartphone with Dolby has higher sound ."
4,Woking good now i will update after a week
4,"Pros:

Powerful performance with the AMD Ryzen 5 Hexa Core 5600H processor.
Dedicated graphics card for high-quality gaming visuals and multimedia tasks.
High-resolution display options with possible high refresh rates for smooth gameplay.
Fast SSD storage for quick boot times and application loading.
Gaming-oriented design with customizable RGB lighting and effective cooling system.
Good value for money compared to similar gaming laptops.

Cons:

Battery life may be relatively short, typical...
READ MORE"
4,Product working super...
4,Fabulous 😍
4,"Good product
Combination of ryzen 5600h, 16 gb ram with RTX 3050 in this price is value for money"
4,"I recently purchased the Lenovo IdeaPad Pro 5 from Flipkart, and while the laptop boasts impressive specifications, the overall experience has been disappointing. Here are my detailed observations:

Performance:
The laptop is powered by an Intel Core Ultra 9 185H processor, complemented by 32GB of LPDDR5 RAM and a 1TB SSD. On paper, this configuration promises top-tier performance, and in practice, the processor indeed works like a charm. Applications run smoothly, multitasking is a breeze, a...
READ MORE"
4,"A fantastic purchase! It offers everything I need with speed, reliability, and ease of use."
4,"1) Display good according to price range under 45k
2) Slightly heat used with charger but no problem
3) Battery is around 4-5 hr don't expect much battery under this price range
4). Performance is good


Conclusion - If you get under 50k just grap it"
4,"It's nice product only have to compromise
with display (when watching by side)"
4,"Just OK 👍
Display 2/5
Performance 4/5
Battery 3/5
Camera 2/5"
4,Slim and good display good battery 🔋
4,Good one for medium family
4,"Going good
Battery and Display are amazing
Performance is ok for the price I got
Overall a decent laptop"
4,"Mind Blowing LAPTOP
AMAZING
Go for it..Nice Performance"
4,Product is good but Performance isn't much better.
4,"Worth for money, good performance, nice product when compared to other brands"
4,For general use best laptop
4,An ideal Lenovo product you can expect at this price point !!
4,"The product is generally good. However, face unlock doesn't always work."
4,Peak perfomence 📈❤️
4,Awsome product
4,"As recently I have purchased this product I had good experience with this and the laptop good in budget and value for money 🤑 mostly .the is 1080p hd display 144hz screen refresh is good enough and this laptop 💻 is for mostly used for work purpose but the weight of the laptop is like a hell truly carrying is very difficult bcyz it's almost more than 2kg and gaming is good try to go with 16gb varient this varient is also good but 16gb is somewhat better in this varient overall is a good lap...
READ MORE"
4,It start heating after 30min of use.otherwise it is best laptop by hp
4,"It's great experience to use HP .
Very trusty worthy brand"
4,Best design slim laptop go for it
4,"Look - 8/10
Performance - 9/10
Battery - 7/10
Working - 9/10
Good Laptop for students with 16 gb ram and you can expand 16gb more....
No backlit available.... Main disadvantage"
4,The laptop is good but produce more hit after running 15 to 30 minutes.
4,Only issue battery backup 3 to 4 hours.. Battery could have been better. Overall decent performance for daily work.
4,"Good product,got at good price so no complaints"
4,Its fan creates sound sometimes.
4,"Design is amazing, performance is up to the mark as expected. Battery backup upto 4hours. Overall a good choice. Thanks to Flipkart but little disappointed due to late delivery."
4,"This laptop is quite good for who is looking a hp laptop i5 in budget of 50k
The display is good
But the problem is it is getting hot at the time of charging and the battery backup is about 4hrs at normal web browsing"
4,"After 15 days of usage ... I can say it is mind blowing laptop. Superb
You can experience very smooth works and it is best for CSE students."
4,"Just a Complete package.
Balanced performance.
No lags or glitches.
Buttery Performance."
4,"It's good for normal usage for students and home purpose,but not okk for gaming"
4,Original product received.
4,Laptop is great
4,Great product at this price range. Good speed.
4,"I purchase this product 42000k.
Very nice laptop"
4,"Laptop is good,
Laptop charging adaptor heate was little high for the first time use. Now its fine."
4,If you are a Trader then just go for it.😇
4,Really... It's very good in performance and design.very best price to buy.
4,Every good except speaker sound of speaker in loud sound they sound like distorted and not so much good screen good battery just ok design is also just ok i got 8gb 512ssd for 36k so at that point it is value for money
4,Good one...
4,"Everything is fine except the position of cooling fan
It's exactly infront of screen"
4,Its was really awesome product 😊 i love it
4,"Will just mention the cons of this laptop, rest all is good given the price point.

Cons:- 1. Speakers:- The sound quality is not at all good. You'll need a very quiet room to watch a movie.
2. Camera:- Camera quality is poor. Only 720p and that too is not refined."
4,Battery is too good.performance is quite less if you are looking for high performance better to skip this.for basic tasks it was perfect..!
4,"Super.nice,all best quality
But
👎Display not good 👎"
4,Nic product by Hp
4,One of the best laptop of students
4,"I am using this laptop since 1 month.

1. Best laptop for students
2. Memory is sufficient
3. SSD is also
4. Battery is good
5. Screen is good
In this price range it is best laptop in hp"
4,Performing well as i expected since 2021
4,"Laptop is good
Pros : (1) Absolutely great performance
(2) Battery is excellent
(3) keyboard is good
(4) overall is good, value for money
(5) build quality is average neither very good nor very
bad

Cons : (1) Display is TN - viewing angles are so bad as it should
be as a TN pane. Colour reproduction is bad, this
this display has yellow tint and so I calibrated the
...
READ MORE"
4,"The performance of the laptop is very good.
Apps open at instant when you click to open it.
The battery will last for 3 to 4 hour only.
Display is average, not so good. But if you are student and you have to do coding on it, then it's diplay will be Good for you.
For entertainment lover, Display will disappoint liitle bit.
Sound Quality and camera are also average.

Overall a good Laptop around 45K"
4,It's worth to buy very good performance but battery backup is very low and it is heating up very fast
4,Design is very good
4,"Good product, working nice 👍"
4,Good product 👍
4,"The screen is not that good, the rest is fine.
A finger print scanner was needed."
4,"Very good performance. ...
Everything works fine ...
but
Some time power on button not work..need to plug charger to power on....
This is the issue I find.."
4,Good laptop at this price
4,It is well And working better . I baught this for mock test and typing test. it is amazing product. Thank you Flipkart.
4,Good for this price range
4,"Gud laptop for this budget, I'm using for this lap about 2 months some times on button is not working then will work, design is like Mac book and gud specs"
4,"Very nice product
Descent performance
Descent battery backup
Display quality is quite compromisable
All over good experience
Worth it to buy this product

I write this review after using 2 years of this laptop"
4,Best Laptop For Coding
4,"Everything is ok ,
battery is good 👍
Performance is also good 😊
Design is very beautiful 😍
But the display is the main Con of this laptop it's not a ips display that's why when you Sit at the other Angle or side you will not see the screen properly...👎
After all Laptop is Decent and I'm happy with it.😊 Thanku Flipkart.."
4,Good 👍🏿
4,"So the product is a wonder as always.
Dell is always a promising one for me.

But I was a bit concerned about the product design i.e hinge...the corner of the screen attached with the body. It looks like it gets broken after regular usage.

Overall it's a value for money."
4,Just received Samsung book 4 13 gen 16 gb ram. So far all working fine. Will review for a month.
4,Best Value for Money at that Budget of 45k with Metal Body and with Fingerprint
4,Great product in affordable price range..
4,Awesome 👍
4,"I'm using this for one week it was super in the performance and speed
Battery:3hours,this was dissatisfied 😒 but charges quickly
Processor:Amd ryzen3 was so good
Style:Looks very smart and unique
Display:Multiple views not available only in straight view with good fhd resolution
The hp laptop overall good for coding and tasks"
4,Nice laptop in this range but still need to lower the price
4,Value for money but because of SVA panel display I'm giving only 4 stars.
4,laptop is best but check laptop warranty
4,"Nice product. Fast having Good display. Battery backup Good. Having M S office. Mecafe trial version of 1 month is provided.
Classical and light weight laptop
It's worth of its price. Worth of the Brand.
Drawbacks: There are no light indicators. No light indicator for Num key. No light indicators while the battery is charging and no indicators for system on or off. Power switch shape has to be improved.
Overall it's a Good laptop."
4,"It's awesome yarr
Don't think just buy it👌👌
Best for student for studying
Jee/neet/college purpose etc..
It it enough"
4,"Laptop is good.reasonable cost and some drawbacks there. Like......
1.In the cooling fan space the fans doing so much noise than required to cool the laptop. I have approched HP service as I got 1 year warranty they solved..,, but still sometimes it again making that huge noise at cooling fans. 😠
2.It is not connecting the earphones at port. I had tried more no of times. If we want to attend any meetings, or exams with wired (earphones) devices means we can't..
Also we can't watch any movi...
READ MORE"
4,There's no support for Linux. There's no user guide proper and customer care is not upto expectation on technical queries. Otherwise a beautiful work machine. Suitable for people with moderate technical knowledge.
4,Ok the laptop 💻
4,"3Hr battery,use for small works."
4,"It's a great laptop in the range of 30k, you can't expect the same specs in another brand like dell and hp. actually infinix has made history in laptops I must say.
Display is Anti glare which is not mentioned in specs its a pro.
One con I have noticed is that thing It does not turn on when you press power button for 1 time."
4,All good
4,Overall the product for price is very good but there are many things missing for being a new brand.
4,"Good looking, low weight......."
4,Thks for such a wonderful product including ms office and windows
4,Overall it's best in this price ❤️ go for it... And if you are a student it's best for you
4,Nice laptop in this price...... Battery performance is adequate light weight with 14inch display is attractive
4,This laptop is good at 33k. I have 512gb variant and it's best
4,Value for money. If your budget is under 35k. Just go for it. I just love it's display nd backlight keyboard.
4,"Value for money, lightweight and eye catchey.

#Fast boot
#Latest windows
#Display is smooth, produces great colour
#keyboard is easy to use did not find issues as people are mentioning for the previous x1 version
#backlit keys are usefull in dark areas
#charging is real fast and battery lasts between 6 to 8 hrs based on the it has been used
#metallic body 💚 and abundant ports 📥 are nice

Few not so good mention-
#additional lights near camera are useless
#Bundles office package could have ...
READ MORE"
4,Design is excellent built quality also nice recording class some lagging is there battery backup is ok camera just average not tried for online upto now performance is ok my review after 10 days use overall ok within the budget.
4,"Pros -
display is best in this segment.
Ultra smooth user experience
Backlight keyboard
Anti glare display
Stylish dashing looks
Full metal body
Quick charge

Conc - 14"" screen
Speaker is not up to the mark
Camera quality is 720 p
Backup only 2 to 3 hours for continuous use"
4,"It's my 6th day with this laptop and I think this is the best laptop in this price range. I don't have any major complaint about this laptop.
Performance, Display, Build Quality, Battery, all are top notch, and the laptop is working absolutely fine. There were some minor hearing in heavy work like editing or software installing etc. But it's not overheating, it's normal.
Let's see how it works in future.
But currently I'm happy with this product. 😄"
4,Nice design 👌 but battery backup is not so good
4,"Ordered this for a friend:
Pros:
The processor packs enough punch to get around office related tasks easily, is smooth and quick to boot up thanks to the SSD present inside.
The 8 Gb Ram handles the pesky chrome tabs easily and it could be upgraded.
Display is good enough don't expect too much in this case.
Cons:
Design looks a bit dull, has a plasticy look in it's aesthetic.
Battery life is not that great.
Conclusion:
Overall a nice product for Normal office usage don't expect the performanc...
READ MORE"
4,"after using from 1.5 yrs i am saying that this laptop is best in this price range go for it.
only display is little bad otherwise performance is ok."
4,Display and battery are the below average.. Other than good
4,"Good performance
It has quad core processor and maximum threads in this budget
--- backlight key board missing"
4,"Impeccable product for daily office work.. video editing up to 1080p.... And Photoshop also works fine ..


I would like to suggest restraint of any kind of gaming on this beautiful piece of work. Yes, we can play the PS2 level games such as NFS most wanted, Max Payne 1, 2 but still its utility lies much more in MS Office, Coding (Basic ).

Got the 8 GB 512 SSD variant in 24490 on Big Billion Days Sale in just two days. Thanks Flipkart for speedy delivery and Thanks Infinix for such a wonde...
READ MORE"
4,"Laptop is good ,battery , design, display are too good
Bt laptop get heated while u using normal use also"
4,"Best for this budget, 6 cores, upgrade upto 16GB ram, storage also upgradable, feels like mini Mac book."
4,Product is good But delivery is delayed than they promised
4,I Like this product.
4,"Acer Aspire 3 A324-51 (Intel Core i3 12th Gen)

Performance: Powered by Intel Core i3 12th Gen, 8 GB RAM, and a 512 GB SSD, it handles everyday tasks smoothly.

Display: 14-inch Full HD display offers sharp visuals and an anti-glare coating for better usability in various lighting.

Portability: Lightweight and slim design, making it easy to carry for students and professionals.

Battery Life: Lasts approximately 3 hours on typical usage, suitable for all-day tasks.

Connectivity: Equipped wi...
READ MORE"
4,"Value for money. Slim and handy. Good performance for this price. Got this product on GOAT SALE for 23k. i3 12 th gen for this price is worth it . Battery back up is average . Getting 3-4 hrs on normal usage. The speaker is also average only.
If you have a budget of 30k go for a 13 gen processor laptops. Overall , not a bad product"
4,"This is a great purchase in this price. I got it in Rs. 24000 in bbd and I am really happy with the product I got. It is smooth, fast and has all necessary ports. I gave 4 Stars because only thing which could be better on this is the sound. I feel the sound is not loud enough. But considering the price it's not a big issue."
4,This product is quite good for study purpose. Overall it is a 4 star ⭐ product.
4,"Laptop is looking good ,compact laptop 14 inch size carrying easy use . If your normal use expespecialy students,
Really worth

Best diasplay :14 inch IPS display
Light weight portable
Type c fast charging adapter also
Performance good
Memory card slot here
Upgrade ram and storage ssd
Sound low quality"
4,This is value for money
4,The power button has some issue. Other than that it is a great laptop for personal use.
4,"Good laptop, but missing backlit, otherwise best budget laptop. Don't buy i3."
4,"Everything is ok. But the main problem in my model is : power button malfunction.
Sometimes After pressing power button many time the laptop doesn't start. I have to close the lid(display) and wait for some minutes and then again have to press the power button(hold for few seconds) again to start Laptop.
I am trying to replace my product.

Battery charging speed is good. Battery backup is relatively good. Display is also good/not that bad,as told by people. Smooth and good keyboard and mouse."
4,I like the product it’s lightweight its fast its good only thing I didn’t like about this keyboard keays are smooth but when you press keys somtimes its sarrounding keys vibrate i think its bcs of small keyboard but over all good product i like it
4,HP need to increase battery backup
4,Go for it. Perfect laptop for student's
4,One cannot expect better quality at this price and so it is ok.
4,🙏Waheguru ji🙏 thanksThish laptop is very gud according too budget 🥰
4,"Good Design, performance, battery
But Display Is low quality 🐱"
4,"Nice design 👍 better performance
But display is not good"
4,Love it...
4,Best Laptop
4,It's good
4,Performance is good. Build quality is good. It is a light weight laptop. It's value for money.
4,Laptop is good but finger print system is not available and working good
4,"All is good but sound quality very poor
But not big issue I am happy this system .."
4,Intel i3 12 gen in this price is quite good others brand charging 10k more for same configuration
4,nice products
4,Hp laptop is good
4,"Display looks good....
Battery - 5 hours usable
Heating problem - after using approx 2 hour regularly"
4,"I am using it since one year, Nice product at this price range. Great performance. Slim and lightweight but battery issues which should be recovered."
4,"First time big electronic items ordered
Great hp laptop 👍
Thank for Flipkart"
4,Good product at good cost
4,Everything is fine inthis model....except battery backup and only 256 GB SSD. It should be atleast 512 GB.
4,This hp laptop is fine for this price.
4,Heating problem issue totally waste of money i recommend don buy this products
4,It is my first hp laptop and so satisfied with this product both audio and video quality is good🤗
4,I like the speed of lappi...... Performance is good but I don't like display quality. because in Flipkart shoes display type is lcd but actual it's lcd .... Battery performance is Max five hours...camera quality is average. Over-all product is average...
4,"Excellent performance. I got it within 34 k only. After using one week I suggest if you are a student you can opt for this one.
Intel Core i3 11 gen, 8GB RAM 512 SSD.
Battery backup is is good.
Runs fast just like smartphones."
4,Good for Students
4,Very nice HP laptop value of money and it working very smoothly this is good in this range thank you Flipkart
4,Value for money 👍🏻
4,"Good laptop, but battery backup is very less in this laptop, not more than 2 hours of back-up , better to go to settings and put the power mode to - Best power efficiency and refresh rate to 40hz after it will start giving 4-5 hrs of battery backup.
Design is classy and looks premium but the hardware is not that strong keyboard feels very weak while typing... although laptop is lite weight
If I have to rate
Design 4/5
Hardware 3/5
Battery backup 3/5
Display - 3/5
Sound - 3/5
Performance - 4/5"
4,"Good laptop, with card offers can get under 38k"
4,All things are good but display is average
4,nice one
4,Laptop best performance
4,Nice pro
4,"writing review after 2 month. design, display, look all are perfect. battery will give u backup around 6 hrs. only problem i have faced, it started hang sometimes. my use is only web browsing and microsoft office.
will recommend if u go for 16gb ram."
4,Good product value for money very fast delivery
4,"Overall this is a good product, display could have been better as it's a bit whitish.
Tip: Don't use Microsoft Edge browser, Use Chrome Browser you will get more battery life."
4,"Nic product
Satisfied"
4,Except the ram everything is best at this price.. only the un upgradablity of ram disappointed me.
4,Awsome 🔥🔥
4,Good Product best
4,"Abhimanyu from Hasan Bazar


Good 😊 Quality"
4,Item is good
4,Good product in this range.
4,Moderate
4,In 35k best laptop
4,Good product👍
4,"I have purchased at the price of 22k
And it's really worth buying
Display, Performance almost everything is perfect"
4,"Good processing speed, better display quality, good battery backup, overall better performance in this price range."
4,Good products
4,"Performance and look weight everything is excellent , only consideration is storage 256 GB SSD.. Value for money"
4,Laptop is very Good battery back up is best value for money in this price
4,"Good for daily use. Battery life is good. Some features like illuminated keys, finger print unlock are missing. Keypad while good to use , doesn't inspire confidence, Keys are too loose. Speakers are good. Boots up pretty quickly as well."
4,A Supremly great Laptop if you mostly use it for Work purposes like coding or writing doing any work. one demerit i feel brightness is really bad if you use outdoor.
4,"i got it for 25k, in this price range it is the best laptop, little much disappointed with the display, also in this price range we can't expect oled so it's okay, but sometimes i found some problem in touchpad, may be some software or hardware issue, but i got free 1-year extended warranty with Asus website, so i didn't replace it. i use it for my office work and watching movie and listening songs, one thing you will like the most that is battery, the battery backup is very good, simply go f...
READ MORE"
4,"Best laptop under 35000 value for money go for it if you student this is best for you..
Performance..⭐⭐⭐⭐
Battery ⭐⭐⭐⭐
Display ⭐⭐⭐⭐ also very good don't listen others comments
Build quality ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ is superb ☺️"
4,Good Quality hp laptops
4,Awasome product
4,Overall A Good product from HP 👍👍
4,Very good laptop..there have good battery backup..and good big display
4,Nice product. Good performance more than expected
4,Nice quality
4,Good laptop 😀😀😀
4,"It's good but the backlight keyboard is missing,for this price range they should've added that feature...overall the laptop is good compared to the other laptops in this price range"
4,Nic
4,"Best price is 27K , do not buy more than that, The sound is very low, lower than a smartphone speaker, product is good, less weight, small and handy, good battery backup, good display, MS office not included."
4,"Nice product, good working"
4,Value for money laptop
4,Battery backup should have been better at this price...
4,"It was good product display was good, but battery performance was not good and also very low wait it was good"
4,"Writing this review after 10 days.
Overall laptop is good and design is fine.
Battery get dry very soon. The back up is around 1.5 hrs.
There is no RJ45 jack in this laptop.

Good for home usage. Need to handle very careful the top portion is very slippery.

Performance 3.5/5
Design. 3.5/5
Battery 2.5/5

Overall satisfaction above average."
4,Hp price higher all so other brand I'm receive sell pack product seller good but this laptop battery performance is not good battery backup no long time use
4,This product is very much. Thanks to Flipkart
4,"Laptops is Awesome.
Speed , battery, performance is nice.

Delivery boy dont had patience,he cant wait for 15min also.
First time i faced delivery problem from Flipkart.
Laptop is working very smoothly.
Its nice one"
4,Nice product and smooth running so i like the s product
4,Battery draining too fast
4,"The product is performing well
The thing i like is
1.it is smooth
2.it is fast
It is overall a good machine
The things i don't like is its display otherwise everything is perfect"
4,laptop is good for generic use. but lag when heavy load
4,Amazing product😍
4,It's good for students
4,"Got for 31k in bbd sale pretty nice laptop for coding , gaming , and multitasking you can easily run Gta iv and other games at Nice fps at medium settings but display is average but still nice for my work"
4,I love IT
4,Awesome product
4,"Every feature of this laptop is super and efficient for multitasking data processing and laptop is working superfast compare to other hp models and other brands, but the only one negative point is that I used it for multitasking with many tabs open, coding and testing the application so the battery lasted only 3.5 hours. For normal use it gives 8 hours plus backup."
4,Fast delivery even in the lock down. Very good for office use. CD Drive and LAN PORT is not available.
4,Best to use for coding. The display is also big and lightweight to carry.
4,All is OK. But battery performance is not up to the mark. However a nice laptop.
4,"Got delivery in time as stated. Packing found not much up to the mark, looking to product value. It was torn at corner.
15.6"" screen seems pretty good. 8GB RAM and 512 GB SSD enough for functioning the applications and storage data.
It is being started within 5 to 6 seconds and shut down in 2 to 3 seconds.
Key board is specious to operate and numeric key board is separate. Due to white key board buttons are not visible as bold as others.
Weight is also less as my 7yeras son handle it very ea...
READ MORE"
4,Super laptop ssd fast
4,Product is nice but it's battery cover plastic is not good quality.
4,"It has been 3 days since I bought this laptop, when I was buying this laptop I had the same doubt as other people regarding the price as same specs provided by vivobook s15 oled but it was cheaper so I had few doubts in my mind but till now I can sayit was a better choice to opt former than later and one more thing few people were saying that it has evo that's true but according to them it does not provide 9 hr battery for that my ans is that the resolution of this laptop at default is very h...
READ MORE"
4,"Best laptop under 40k
But because of ryzen processor it gets heated quickly"
4,Good product. value of money
4,Good laptop
4,Good 👍🏻
4,Design is good and display us also awesome
4,I am giving this review after one month. I used 16 hrs a day. As of now working good. Let's see .
4,"Awm latop , good working , no issue so far"
4,Amazing...
4,"Got this laptop at 47k with card offers, everything is good except processor ,it is not as good as Intel and hangs sometimes but if you are a normal it shouldn't create any issues"
4,Good product. All good but camera and sound quality a little bit poor.
4,"I bought this Laptop in 29k in summer sale after applying card offers and etc. So in this price range, it's perfect value for money in my case.

Pros:-
(1) Design is good. light weight laptop.
(2) Battery is around 4-5 hours.
(3) Processor is working faster than older version of Ryzen 3 and also nice for multi-tasking.
(4) Boot-up time is pretty fast. Around 5-6 seconds.
(5) DTS sound is good and its working fine in supported devices and also in in-built speakers.

Cons:-
(1) VRAM is low
(2) ...
READ MORE"
4,Very good 😊
4,Superb n light weight easy to carry
4,"Pros:
Portable and very lightweight less than a kilo
Though only a full HD display, it has high colour gamut(99% SRGB)
Nice sound quality and loudness
Amazing looks

Cons
Cannot expect very high performance
Costly considering the specifications
Poor design for fan exhaust which is infront of display
RAM is not upgradeable to higher frequency even though the cpu supports"
4,Decent product
4,"The H series chipset is indeed a powerhouse, designed to deliver top-notch performance that can handle demanding tasks with ease. It's no surprise that it's the go-to choice for those who prioritize speed and reliability in their computing experience. However, the trade-off for this high performance is the increased battery consumption, a common challenge in performance-oriented laptops. The OLED display adds to the visual experience with its vibrant colors and deep blacks, but it also contri...
READ MORE"
4,"Sound is low but clear though
Performance is excellent
Battery life is above avg
Display is great"
4,"Overall, good product..."
4,Pass
4,"If you are a student this is a good laptop at this price point.Basic coding, Suitable for CA,CS,CMA Students
Advantages
1. Best Display in this price point. 5 star.
2.Battery backup is good. 4star.
3. Amazing performance in this price point. 5 star.
4. Lightweight.
5 Fast charging.
Disadvantages
1. Speaker quality very cheap. 1star. ( You are the person who always uses earphones or headphones, it's okay)
2 Over heating. 3 star."
4,Its really nice and worth of this price only one (-)no keyboard lights
4,"My review after using 1week....


Battery backup is 3hrs with (internet)usage..
For normal use 4-5hrs

Performance is good..!!

Everything is good..!!

It doesn't have fingerprint scanner as it is showing on above images and
Only disadvantage is no backlit keyboard


Hit like

I will upadate review after 1month too..!!"
4,Good average.. battery not so good
4,Good product. My need was light weight and HP has delivered this 👍
4,"Performance is outstanding for normal browsing and gaming,
Display is average little whitish but greater than others, 5 hour battery backup, and booting is very fast,
60FPS outstanding gaming, everything is good compare to hp and dell at this price,"
4,I am happy everything is awesome 🖤I love it 😊
4,Good job with build quality
4,It is a good laptop for office and e learning. Some usual wimdows 11 issues are there. Battery life is not so impressive too.
4,Fine
4,This product use also NORMAL WORK
4,best value of money ..and best design
4,"The build is very sturdy even tho the lid cannot be opened with one hand , but still that makes the hinge very sturdy without any display wobbling
The full aluminum build is very solid even tho since it's a metal , we will be able to feel the heat on the surface pretty well
Overall it's a good thin and light laptop with pretty good performance, good battery life with 100w charger , great display and all
Worth considering 👍"
4,The product is good but in the camera option Windows studio effect doesn't show blur effect or eye detection is not also so please add this option and camera zoom this is a disappointed thing I have seen in laptop
4,Product is good but battery backup is not as good as expected
4,"Read this before buying.
I bought this at 52k when I got the product and opened it to set the data
It become so heat .I was thinking to return it but I used it for 2-3 days .
Believe me friend if you set all the settings and acer performance,there is no heat issue.I am feeling happy now . If you still fell sone heat just buy a cooling laptop stand ,there will be no problem.
Screen quality is oswam."
4,"Got at 33k , a good processor with good output , but battery seems to depreciate quickly ( maybe i didn't charge it for 3 hrs as instructed on manual) before charging it 100 percent, but it drained fast, Maybe will last for 3 hr max. Display seems ok , but overall product would be 4 stars from me .
1.Ms office and 365 Fully installed with life time
2.Rmd ryzem gaming section
3.quick start up ( 5 sec max )
4 . If you want a laptop with good durability and performance with design go for it. ...
READ MORE"
4,As per this price it's a value for money product.
4,Good laptop for many mid-range activities
4,Looking and performing very good
4,Best quality laptop 💻
4,Buy the laptop.
4,"Laptop is good, screen quality is also good and ms office work great overall this laptop is best according the price
Use this laptop after 1week I see that that battery back up awesome........"
4,Good for minimum use
4,It's good 😊
4,GOOD PRODUCT
4,Amazing i5-13500H laptop with OLED screen at best price in its category during Flipkart sale. Only downside is that the camera is not compatible with Microsoft's face id. I hope they had taken care of this one small thing.
4,Good..
4,If you are getting laptop under 60k . Just go and purchase without any doubt.
4,I have been using this laptop for last 2 weeks and it is great. I really like the screen quality (looks premium) and performance of this device. It heats a bit while charging that is manageable.
4,Display is good
4,"(after 18 days of usage)
Highlights:
Stunning OLED Display: Vibrant colors, sharp contrast, and a 2880 x 1800 resolution make everything look amazing.
Solid Performance: Powered by the latest Intel Core i5 13500H and 16GB RAM, it handles multitasking and demanding apps smoothly.
Portable and Stylish: lightweight at 1.2 kg with a sleek aluminum design, perfect for on-the-go use.
Fast SSD: A 512GB SSD offers quick boot times and fast file transfers.
Fast Charging: A 100-watt fast charger will f...
READ MORE"
4,Product is good but it has a heating issue. Please consider it purchase before.
4,"Good Product,, this laptop value for money,, I buy it 28k,, I use for office purposes,,, overall good product."
4,Nice product. Super
4,"1st Day Review:- Its a value for money product.


I have done the installation process in home. After one month i will give perfect review of this product.

No doubt you can buy this laptop instead of thinking much more 🙂😄👍🙏"
4,"This is best laptop.value for money ❣️but,only problem backlight keyboard not given in this laptop 🙄"
4,Everything is best but Display is the worst 👎👎👎👎👎.
4,"Everything is perfect except display
Display is poor"
4,"I purchased a laptop after so many years I am really scared online purchases of laptop but I am happy it was successfully purchased
This laptop have many things for daily use
This is 2nd day review of use now this laptop have only 20 sec to bootup
Ryzen 3 and amezing graphic awesome picture quality 4k 8k video palatable
I will not download any game but
I think game was also play smoother
Sound quality little low but it's ok
Touch pad amezing only backlight keyboard need for night use
Char...
READ MORE"
4,"I purchased this product for 55K, and after using it for two days, here are my observations:

**Pros:**
- Excellent display quality
- Good power backup
- Impressive speed and performance
- Lightweight and compact design

**Cons:**
- Sound quality is low and lacks volume
- Charging time is longer than expected
- The resolution is 16:10, and I think 16:9 would be better
- The back design is plain and not visually appealing
- A 10Gbps port would have been a nice addition

**Note:** These impress...
READ MORE"
4,"I'm writing a review after 2 months of usage. I bought this laptop for designing purposes because of the display. Well it didn't disappoint me at all the battery is very good, display is 10/10 , has a good performance not for gaming.
Now the issues I faced ,

Bluetooth drivers are very bad it needs patch updates to fix connectivity issues

Overall go for it if you are a student, professional or a designer."
4,"Display osm
Design osm
Battery backup very low
Speaker is average
Performance is good
Must buy under 60k"
4,good performance and really good display
4,Running very smoothly...Loved it:)
4,"Except battery life(avg) and sound . Everything perfect. I bought for 53k.
Display is 10/10.
Performance :9/10
Product quality: 10/10
Keyboard and quality: 9/10
Fast charging : 10/10
Battery backup : 7/10
Webcame quality : 10/10
Sound : 6/10


Note : This laptop is not suitable for ruf and tuf usuage."
4,"Pros:
1. OLED screen, I mean come on, we cannot ignore the OLED screen at this price point.
2. Despite of all review I heard about Intel's Gen 13 processors, I never encountered any system failures yet. Processor performs good according to me.
3. Battery life is good. Never expected it to last this long. Remember to turn on Acer's battery optimising feature which stops charging of battery above 80%. This prolongs battery life.
4. No over heat faced yet. I know you have heard about over heatin...
READ MORE"
4,Product is great but their privacy policy related to warranty registration is trash. They basically are enforcing consent to use my personal data in whatever way they wish if I want warranty. I didn't register for warranty.
4,It's nice and much better than I expect ...
4,Every thing is good but heating issue is there
4,Nice laptop with affordable price
4,This laptop is used for basic performance to without gaming play
4,Worth for money 👍
4,"It's ok and value for money, and no problem will come during small office work. It's good for normal work."
4,"Decent laptop..
all over performance is good but not a high end laptop.
You can use for study and daily tasks.
budget friendly laptop.
build quality is excellent
display 3.5 out of 5
camera is 1mp. I give rating 2 out of 5.
If you buy your first laptop then it is a great choice under this price range."
4,Good Laptop for study.
4,The product is good n beautiful with portable but the performance is not known as of now it is only a week
4,Using since couple of months. Working fine.
4,"good, except battery"
4,"Good for students, and not suitable for gaming.
Performance is at its best .Looks and design are good."
4,"Very nice laptop, mostly I m using this leptop for reading book and making notes on ms office. No problem till now since 2 week."
4,Budget best laptop.
4,"Overall good laptop, as of now no issues"
4,Overall good laptop but Price was expensive and warranty was limited to 1 year Vs Dell gives 3 years standard Warranty at the same price
4,"Good product at this price..
Because it is small... So there is a heating problem...best for students ......"
4,"As per the price very much budget friendly.. awesome in performing wise.. very smooth to handle.. light weight..
Last but not least... very good product 😊"
4,Nice product with in budget 🤩
4,"Overall performance is really good and budget laptop for students..
Ryzen 3 Quad Core 7320U processor is equal to about i5 10th gen..
Good to buy and only cons for me is display..
Display is not much bad but colours are of low brightness. If you are not habitual of Oled or Amoled display on phone then you will not feel much difference.
Overall 4 out 5 rating."
4,Overall Good product.
4,"Well everything is good but display quality is poor, also there is no backled keyword.

But it's value for money."
4,Perfect product for students.
4,Everything is good except fade display
4,All are good. Backlight keyboard only missing
4,i think is best laptop in this price
4,Nyc wow.
4,I am satisfied with this laptop
4,"Laptop is good
Good display
Fast response
Battery 5.30 hours
Good wifi connectivity
Overall good 😊"
4,Loved it ☺️
4,Overall a perfect laptop for research scholars
4,I like this product in display and performance. I love that 💗💗💗
4,Nice product .......
4,"The product is good , after software updates , keep the screen refresh rate at 60hz ,then the battery backup is good and no heating issues after that..
Display colours are over saturated. Sound quality is ok."
4,"Best laptop in this price segment
The only drawback is its battery backup.
Not more than 3-4 hours."
4,"One of the best Laptop in this price range
display, design, performance everything is best.

but the only problem is heating issue.
this laptop heats too much that you can't use it on your lap when charging."
4,"Price wise decent deal with nice battery backup.moderate performance but efficient for day to day work, word Excel works great .it is baked with AMD Radeon processor"
4,"After 3 months of usage, I can say that the laptop is overall good via-a-vis to its price. I would recommend this laptop but here are some pros and cons;
PROS:
1. Premium Feel
2. Awesome Display
3. Keyboard Feel is good
4. Shutter for web cam is truly beneficial
5. No doubt the laptop is high performance
CONS:
1. Battery drains to fast as its high performance laptop but then the charging is not that fast and therefore you will need a socket nearby.
2.Speakers are loud in an empty room but ...
READ MORE"
4,"1.Elegant look it's good
2. Performance is good
3.the camera just okay
4.all the things good like, RAM, copilot, etc .
Even though Dolby Atmos available, the sound is Little bit low. During charging, software updation, it's heat generation is heavy to face ....."
4,Performance of the product is Excellent without any doubt Go for it..
4,"Laptop is excellent
Best laptop at 64k
Purchase it without any doubt"
4,"Product was good as I expected. Body is basic design and battery is good.
It was worth it to buy this laptop 👍🏻"
4,"Played blackmyth wukong and it ran it 60fps in very high settings and laptop is an all-rounder. But fan is bit loud when playing in performance mode ,but silent and balance mode is good for regular task"
4,"Product is great ...it's been 3 days..No thermal issue(have to see in long run) , or problem with screen due to vants(it shouldn't be a problem) Display quality could have been better...more of a warmer tone..and in this price range brands should give a 100% srgb display . This is not a 100% srgb as claimed by Flipkart Description. Battery is good , it can last 3-4hrs in normal use maybe 4+ hr ..thanks to Amd efficiency. Performance is beast, expected from rtx 4050 and R7 . GtaV 90-100/100+ f...
READ MORE"
4,Feel hot when charger is connected but it's due to metal body but during gaming it feels very hot specially left side but this happen when charger is connected in daily life usage not gaming it good and at that price is laptop is totally worth it
4,Expect display everything is good at price of 29 k
4,"Everything is good expect display
Battery 7/10
Build quality 9/10
Performance 8/10
Display 6/10"
4,Slim sleek design ok ok display decent performance good battery backup overall very nice purchase in BBD with credit card offers 🤑🤑
4,Good laptop at this price but go with oled variant for better angle view all things are good
4,"Screen could be better. and everything is above average.
keyboard is great"
4,Display is not so good....But good....Better than other laptops
4,Value for money 💰
4,"One of the finest laptop under 30000 for student ,one of the major con is its display otherwise on the basis of performance it is more than enough for post graduate."
4,"Performance is good.
battery back up while playing game, lasts around just 45 mins.
Normal use lasts 1.5 hours."
4,Battery less but 150wt charger...... Design look permance good
4,"product is osm and best praformence

battery high using 2 to 3 hours"
4,"Overall product is good for gaming
But battery backup is very low when you are watching movie battery backup around 2.5 hours and when you are playing game battery backup around 45 mins .
Display is very good 😊
Keyboard is very good
Sound is decent
Overall good product."
4,Everything seems to be good but display was quit low quality overall a good product
4,Value for money.।
4,"It's quite good for a normal user since it's a laptop and not a pc .
Though the quality of the hardware doesn't suit most of its said value."
4,Everything is good except worst delivery experience by ecart as always
4,GOOD LAPTOP
4,The product is very good।It's a very good thing for less money.
4,"Good performance, battery backup, 16GB RAM and i7 processor at this price."
4,"Best for daily basis and for gaming
Reccomented for students and office work🥰."
4,Definitely value for money product.
4,"The product is great for the purpose of video editing and light gaming. I have tested spiderman miles morales ,gta v and rdr2 which worked fine and gave a decent amount of fps but it lacks behind in battery life even if you turn the GPU off the battery life never goes beyond 4-5hrs"
4,Worth for money
4,"Overall this laptop is good at 43k
Display is good
Disign is good
Performance is great
And battery backup is 3-3.5 hr in normal uses . Decent battery not good
And this product is value for money"
4,"Very bad product, i don't prefer anyone to buy this laptop because there are lots of internal issues apart from windows."
4,Nice laptop this price range no any issue facing with me since 4 day daily activity
4,"Good performance. Also display
Speaker 🔊 not good ."
4,Value for money ❤️😍👏
4,This laptop is lightweight and ...looks are awesome....thankyou flipkart 🤩🤩🤩🤩
4,Keyboard should be need more attention 😔
4,Worthy of penny
4,Disappointing sound quality. Doesn't look like ips display.. Sleek design and fast processing that's all about it..
4,"Best Performance, Good Design, Working smoothly.
Thanks Flipkart."
4,For those who are in doubt - This laptop is very good it offers backlit keyboard and full ms office subscription for lifetime and it's processor is good for range and ram is also good I have run fortnite in it with very smooth exp but when I tried valorant it lagged so hard while loading and I deleted it very quickly it's overall a good deal guys👍
4,"Very optimised laptop, temperature won't go so high even after playing for hours. The only drawback is it has 500gb storage and this laptop can only be upgraded to 1tb per slot. That means u can only have 1.5 tb total."
4,Laptop overall is really good but the build quality is really really down its good for gaming I played red dead redemption on ultra high settings it was good but today i took laptop out of my cupboard and it slightly touched the cupboard it was wooden cupboard and i got a dent in my laptop so you have to be very careful while using it
4,Good product for the price range
4,Battery backup is low. Every thing is fine.
4,Thik that value for money
4,Performance is good but battery backup is not good.its drains fast
4,Very nice product as shown in the advertisement.
4,It's ok Nice product in budget. Performance wise this is a good laptop. But battery heat extremely at the time of charging and other things are good in this laptop. Smoothly worked😊👍
4,"This HP (2023) Intel Core i3 12th Gen 1215U - (8 GB/512 GB) is a great budget laptop that is perfect for everyday tasks such as browsing the web, checking email, and working on documents. It is also a good option for students who need a laptop for schoolwork.

**Pros:**

* Affordable price
* Powerful 12th Gen Intel Core i3 processor
* Fast SSD storage
* Lightweight and portable design
* Long battery life

**Cons:**

* Limited RAM
* Only Intel UHD Graphics
* No touchscreen

**Overall, the HP (...
READ MORE"
4,Overall good product at this pri
4,The product is good. But little bite Body quality needs to improve. My old Lenovo laptop G30 and this laptop quality Big difference
4,Good at price
4,Good product at this price.
4,Best quality
4,"After using a month, writing this...Overall the HP laptop was very good however I noticed that the audio is very low at 100 .. Only one thing I felt minus rest all good.. Definitely go for it If planning for HP laptops. Thanks.."
4,Its my 1 week review. Product is good working fine. Only cencern is battery draining fast. Overall product is good in this price range.
4,Design is really cool. Performance is Very good. But battery backup is not so good. Display is also average. I purchased it for 36990 on big billion days...it was a cool deal in this price range...
4,Sometimes i am facing heating issue and it cannot have keypad lights . Overall performance is good.
4,Good product in this price
4,"After 2 week of use best laptop everything is working very good..
But when i update my window then this laptop doing automatically shutdown..
But i reinstall windows then this issue solved ..
Go with 16gb varient best value for money for i5,11th gen ..
I'll update my review in 1 month !!"
4,Posting it after 21 days of use.Programmer and light gamer can go for 16gb variant.One of the best budget laptop.It is value for money .You can go for it.
4,Initial impressions are good. Just got the laptop today. Will post an update in future if I face any issues
4,This is a killer in the budget range... There is backlit also.......
4,This is a good value for money laptop I'm very much happy with performance only issue is that it doesn't have office apps license which is bit frustrating 😕
4,"It's ok for me to get a new laptop.
And good leptop"
4,"Hi first buyer of this product means on Flipkart or first review purely honest today I received my order of this laptop which is delayed after a week i recieved it and if rate everything the

Backlit keyboard - 5/5 it has nice lightning keyboard

Display quality-4.3/5 it has matte finished screen one advantage is it does not reflect sunlight very unique feature so nice cute little display.

Sound- 3/5 sorry it's sound quality is not satisfying for a nice example it's sound is same as a mobil...
READ MORE"
4,I ll review later after use for sometimes
4,Great buy for the price
4,"I have purchased this laptop 20 days back till now it working fine.
VS code, database, postman are working smoothly.
Battery backup is not good 2.5 to 3 hr.
Sound is bit low.
Overall good laptop 3/5 ."
4,Everything is good.. value for money
4,"I have been using the i5-12th gen variant for the past 5 months.

Pros:
1) Good screen
2) Good performance
3) Good speaker volume
4) Good battery backup
5) SSD speed is good.

Cons:
1) Keyboard not good, skips few keys(like i) sometimes, need to press again.
2) Second SSD slot does not work, very big disappointment."
4,"It's very helpful for learning and amazing Quality
... best for coding learners"
4,Good go for it...
4,It is value for money
4,Very be
4,Very handy light weight and working properly
4,Around 30k..Overall it's a good one.
4,"Display is awesome.Nice designe
Good capability to handle more task
Screen is very smooth
Good for students and helpfull to make notes
Highly recommended."
4,Overall Great product
4,"Portable, affordable best quality laptop for students and basic office use.."
4,"Good laptop at this price battery back up 6 h +
The touch screen is awesome
Overall the best laptop."
4,Product is good just processor is not that good
4,"Processor,RAM and ROM are...nice....and worth of money....."
4,"Overall it's a good product. But for college usage purposes battery backup is poor, 100% battery it last around 2-3 hrs Max .
Display it's average.
Design it's good looking
No backlit keyboard 😭
Performance it's good 👍"
4,Good Laptop for basic Work in affordable price.
4,Key board lightings or Keyboard display colour and keys are both same. Key board keys in different colours good
4,Power is not good. But got this laptop in a good deal at 31k.
4,"I reviewed it after using 3months and i can say that its really a goood laptop with this price.. battery performance is great and you can play pc games too it works fine even for gta5 and the design is cool.
The only problem is that it heatsup fast when playing games but to minimise that you can use the cooling fan for laptop.
Overall its a good laptop, it worth buying"
4,Good laptop value for money
4,Almost Good . Ready for use.
4,"Best laptop under 40k. I bought this with no cost emi offer which makes it super affordable and value for money to me . Specially display is good comes with IPS display, build quality is very nice display back panel is of matel and other body parts are plastic with metal finish.
Gooo for it best buy.."
4,Good Product.👍
4,Value for money product I got this today look wise awesome..... performance is good
4,"Delivery and Open Unboxing went smoothly.

I was actually impressed when I first laid my eyes on it. The build quality seemed good as the plastic used is solid. I didn't expect such an excellent display at 30k.

The TouchPad is nice and large and sensitive enough for my use. I also like the keyboard.

I'm no laptop expert but Im quite happy with my purchase.

Thanks to flipkart for a smooth, albeit delayed, delivery experience."
4,"Been using it for the past two weeks, and here are my initial thoughts:

Pros:

1. I upgraded from i3 2nd gen, so the 12th gen is a major upgrade. I mainly have a few apps like Zotero, MS office, BlueStacks, and so far I have seen a minimal lag. Nothing major. So, the performance is good for day2day use.

2. The battery backup is not bad imo. It lasts me half a day easily. Though, I am not a heavy user, so might differ. The charging speed is decent as well.

3. The keyboard is decent and r...
READ MORE"
4,Thank you flipkart... Overall good...
4,"Great, good product, but battery backup is not much good, only 3 to 4 hrs battery backup, camera quality is not good, there no Alexa buit in support. Other things are good, sound quality mild low but sounds come good. I'm giving 4 start because of product delivery earlier then expected date."
4,"After one year design is good, battery back up also good around 4-4:30hr. If you are using big software for regularly long time than fan create very irritating noise. I am using HFSS software for my project last 4 months regularly 7-8 hr in a day so after 4 months my laptop create noise and when i am stop on working on that software the noise will be completely gone. And one more thing vary less service centers for this and if you are going there they will take 4-5 days to repair it."
4,This laptop is value for money but battery backup 3-5 hours this for (-) point but all is ok.
4,goof
4,"The product is very nice and ok for the price,but the battery runs down easily"
4,"There is lag with multiple processes as the Processor speed is 1.0 GHz. It heats a lot and drains battery faster due to continuous running of the fan.
Another lacking thing is MS Office. You only get a trial version of it.
Rest all us perfectly fine as of now with a few days of usage."
4,Awesome 😎 look very nice cost of the product quality good
4,"I haven't got an issue with the performance till now.
I use this laptop for programming.
The display is not good. The blacks of the display will give your eyes a concussion. I used a laptop from the 2010s, it's display was better than lenovo's display.
The keyboard and trackpad are all fine.
Battery backup is decent too according to its price.
Webcam is also fine."
4,nice product
4,For Student
4,"Spare ssd slot doesn't work, keyboard feels average, rest all is best in segment"
4,Good product 👌 👍 👏
4,"Good product, only downside is the heating issue."
4,Verry good
4,I am Happy
4,Best laptop in this configuration and price but the negative is heating problem।
4,Nice product with best price
4,"Good performance
Smart price"
4,"Product design is nice.
Performance is not such as expected but price - performance it's okay
Battery 🔋 is not 11 hours it's around between 4-5 hours light operation + infrequent memory read/write operation."
4,Too much noise from the fan. Seems like P3 PC of old era
4,"sound is very low .
value for money laptop.
look wise design is beautiful."
4,"WRITING REVIEW AFTER 2 DAYS USE.

FLIPKART DELIVERY IS EXCELLENT. I GOT DELIVERY IN ONE DAY.

PROS:

Boots in less than 12 seconds

IPS DISPLAY
LIGHT WEIGHT= 1.5KG
PERFORMANCE AT PAR WITH OTHER I3 11TH GEN LAPTOPS

Sequential read write speed is 3100/2900 MBPS

GEEK BENCHMARK 6 SCORE
SINGLE CORE 1877
MULTI CORE 3350

RAM USED SAMSUNG DDR4 3200MHZ, SINGLE CHANNEL.

CONS:

SSD NOT SHOWING IN SOFTWARE

WIFI RECEPTION IS LOW. GIVES HALF THE SPEED COMPARED TO MY REALME 5 PRO MOBILE AT 20 FEET DI...
READ MORE"
4,"pros:
- build quality is good considering price
- display is also good (fhd ips panel)
- overall good package
- performance is good, gta v with 1080p low gives avg 32 fps. 720p low gives 45fps
- type-c port is fully functional, you can connect external display with power delivery!!
- battery is decent, will easily give 4+ hrs in normal use

cons:
- display has backlit bleed issue, only visible in full black output
- wifi is pathetic, speed is 4x less, if you get 40mbps in mobile the...
READ MORE"
4,"Nice product
Value for money but could be better"
4,"Product is good and decent. It is completely value for money. Like there are a lot of things where the company cuts the price. For example Speakers, Display, Keyboard. Speaker is just speaker no base or high volume. Display is also Not very good not very bad and Keyboard is like decent there is no backlight keyboard and Alphabets or number on keys are also like simple white coloured Sticker. I mean this laptop is totally worth it with the cost. If you want to use it like simple meetings, Offi...
READ MORE"
4,Nyc laptop and performance i5 12th Generation like best for this price segment
4,Good performance but battery 🔋 service is low... otherwise good product
4,"Heating issues; getting warm rapidly even on normal use, a little pin point dent on the body even after delicate handling, heard a lot about its built quality that was satisfactory, battery also OK, performance satisfactory. Overall SATISFACTORY product as per the price range as compared to other products of this range( got on 45K)."
4,"Good laptop it's my first laptop very impressive
But battery backup only long for 5 hours for normal task."
4,"Performance of this Laptop is amazing. Good work done by Hp. Launching time of every Software is taking very small time. Bootup time like 15 second
I feel like never before with Laptop.
Windows 11 is also crystal clear and user friendly experience.
So many thanks to Flipkart for safe & Secure Delivery by ekart.
I am so Happy with this product."
4,"The laptop is fantastic. Looks premium. I got pre-installed Windows 11 and Office along with it. Flipkart took 10 days to deliver it. A little bit of a disappointment there.

Booting is fast. i5 13th Gen makes it futuristic. The initial setup is seamless.
The backlit keyboard and privacy shutter for the camera make true sense in usability. The touchpad is smooth. The keyboard keystrokes are a little bit hard as compared to my HP laptop.

The only downside is the speakers. They are below aver...
READ MORE"
4,"Sound output is very low, everything else is good"
4,Overall a good product useful for daily activities
4,"Overall a good laptop, but with a slight battery issue."
4,Overall performance is best but only one thing thing is that the battery issue draining
4,I used this product almost 2 months overall very good performance in this price
4,My first ever laptop. Let's journey begin 🔥
4,"It is a value for money product...
#Pros..
Display
Processor
Battery
Ram
OS Windows 11
#Cons...
Built quality
Camera
Graphics
Speakers"
4,Very good value for money laptop
4,very good laptop at low price good looking Faster speed thank you Flipkart and seller same configuration at market is very High all over good
4,Good product but type c port is not available.
4,Heat issue happened
4,Overall good in this range...
4,"I purchased i5,16gb ram,500gb hd,all are good, but I'm facing issues bluetooth connection and Microsoft 365 is not free.."
4,"Configuration is on top notch but performance and hardware is not so amazing as per my opinion,
My dell vostro i3 8 gen with 8gb ram and 256gb ssd is quite work well and give good competition to this😂.
If anyone have good budget then please avoid this."
4,As of now my 1st impression is quite impressive. Although there needs to be some kind of improvement in terms of boot time as it takes some 20-30 secs to turn on whereas I'm using a Lenovo laptop too which is 4 yrs old and it boots quickly within 10-12 secs approx.
4,Value for money
4,Nice laptop
4,"Wonderful performance,
Amazing Display, Worth for money,
but while charging earthing is happening"
4,very excellent product.working fine after one month no bad things happen
4,"Sound quality is not that good. Have to connect with speaker or headphone. Performance is good. Look sleek. Overall, a 4 star."
4,Too good👍
4,Good working condition
4,Almost value of money
4,Very good acer laptop 💻 value for money thanks 👍 Acer
4,"Acer company is too bad
I m using for coding purpuse but application not working now and acer service center is not available in my area
Services not provide acer company so
I u have any leptop so
One of the best company is HP go for it"
4,Using it for more than 1 month good for office work best in this price range go for it.
4,"Laptop is best in this price range. It didn't have a single review when I bought it, but I am impressed by its overall performance. Best suited for office guys like me 😀"
4,"I bought this for 28.5 k , In this price range it's one of the best laptop for light uses .. display and built quality is very good and the sound quality also, it works faster ,go for this product..."
4,"One of the best product of lenovo
Apart from battery life everything else is perfect.
Looks good as compared to dell or hp laptops.
Performs really well."
4,"Overall good laptop purchased it for 48k i think in this price range its a killer machine you will definitely go with it the battery is also good and laptop is slim and light with a powerful 13 gen processor sound of the speakers is also good
One thing which i like to add is that there is backlit support but there is only one mode for backlit its not too good so which is acceptable if you are looking for a laptop for your daily college work and coding you may go with this one"
4,I have been using this laptop and I am satisfied with the performance. It's amazing laptop in this price range..!
4,Everything is top notch except battery which drains very fast
4,This is working super
4,"Everything is fine but speakers are very poor else battery,screen, performance is good"
4,"All are good except build quality.
Speaker sounds good for meetings and movies.
Build quality could have been better."
4,"Laptop is very good at performance I have run Power BI and big excel sheets, I don't see lags. But when it comes to the battery I can see only 3 hrs of battery after a full charge. Display brightness also needs to be kept atleast above 93% even using at home. Sound is also audible but suitable only in a closed room or office shld connect it to bluetooth device in outdoor meetings."
4,Laptop is best for all things only problem with battery only 1.5 to 2 hrs backup when you have to use it before that plug in the charger after that you can use for 2 hrs .rest of this are excellent...
4,Product is overall good...but build quality needs to better and also rtx 2050 and GTX 1650 both gives same performance...and not any big difference in between i5 12th and 13th generation...but good deal and I fully recommend to buy this laptop
4,"Performance is extremely good , battery is fine , but I am still concern with build quality . Except build quality evrything is perfect."
4,"Good quality in every case and worth of money
. Everything is fine with amazing multy colour backlit keyboard"
4,"Good product,Battery is average👍"
4,Just ok👍
4,"It's a good laptop, For normal use ."
4,"It's good but must include dedicated grafix card
And little improvement in performance and battery"
4,good for normal use
4,Overall a good product except for battery which only lasts anywhere between 2.5 to 4.5 hours max depending on the usage. Good looking design and display though.
4,"Best laptop under 40k
i3 12th gen with numerical keyboard and backlight keyboard
Battery backup disappointed"
4,"Display and build quality is very good performance was perfect as expected
Autocad is also working fine but I hope they will give 16 gb ram stick instead 12"
4,Except battery everything is good
4,"Excellent 😃

But, bettery......😕"
4,The only camera is not expected. Other everything is well with this laptop.
4,"Everything is good except the sound, which is very low."
4,Awesome Good Performance 👏
4,This laptop Value for money
4,Best product in that price ever
4,Nice product very very good battery performance excellent thank you Flipkart
4,Very poor products... Poor customer support
4,Product is good bt battery standup was not satisfied
4,Product Is really Good for daily use and office works look wise Devise is to good battery back up was also good recommend for a daily Use and office works.
4,"Product is very good value of money.
Not activated microsoft office,how can activated microsoft office."
4,"When I first got the product it didn't turned on but later after charging it for couple of minutes it did start up.
My review after a week of use.
.Display is way better than my old Asus tuf f15, support upto 8k videos
.Battery is worst for high-end working, lasts less than 2 hours while editing, but lasts upto 6 hours if only playing videos.
.performance is good for this segment
Overall the product is decent for the price of 49k (credit card offer)"
4,One of the best choice for gaming and money for value product. SATA SSD Not Support in it. It has 2 slots for M.2 Nvme SSD.
4,"I love my this product,so I am happy."
4,Iam using this laptop from 1 week.performance is good.battery ok ok.they should have to give backlight for keyboard. Camera is also good. Good design. In This Price u can buy this Laptop🙌🏻❤️. No loss. Value for Money.
4,"Performance is good 👍
Bootup speed is fast ⏩
Display quality is average and display has some issue
Ms office is 6 months free subscription is good
I ordered 256 GB varient but storage is low 198GB"
4,Worth the price ... Got it in BBD sales ... Till now everything seems good
4,A good laptop
4,It's a 4 core i3 Processor means very heavy multitasking will not be possible but graphics related processes are smooth. Go for 16 GB RAM only as Heavy processes will need it otherwise it will be a total hang in coming years.
4,Good Prod
4,Good Quality This Price
4,"Value for money.Good for home usage.
Gaming not tested.
Performance is also good for home usage"
4,"If anyone buy for Excel sheet work, it's not free in this laptop"
4,First laptop.
4,Value for
4,Good product.. If getting under 40K value for money.
4,Value for money.
4,"One of the best laptop of this price. Display, Battery, everything is fine."
4,It is a very good product at this price range but I feel a little bit slow processing when running the laptop other wise the display quality and laptop quality is good . But the processing speed is may be better
4,"Performance is good
Display is also up to the Mark but when you watch side of the screen it shows black
Battery 2.5 for non stop use
Design is awesome"
4,Display is not upto the mark. The graphics card is also a bit outdated for modern games. But it is good for moderate gaming and other graphic intensive tasks.
4,All are good but sound 🔊 Quality is low 😓
4,"EVERY THING IS EXCELLENT, BUT CAMERA QUALITY IS LOWER THAN 240P DUE TO CAMERA 4/5 OTHERWISE 5/5"
4,"Good performance, except battery backup and build quality"
4,Good but very heavy
4,"Laptop is very nice .
Display is average..."
4,It's good and didn't disappoint 😁
4,I was expecting some accessories and fingerprint sensor with this kind of specification.. but overall it's a good buy
4,"Nice build, 100% colour gamut, quality"
4,Every thing is best in this laptop except battery overall value for money (45k) in deal
4,Nice but battery not good
4,If anyone use 60Hz screen settings then get battery backup upto 4 hrs.
4,"A very good product in this price range, battery could've been better but that is not an issue cause I use it for coding and it lasts up to 3 hours.
So yes, if anyone wants to buy it then go for it."
4,Value for money working good delivered yesterday
4,"Overall, the laptop performs well, but the absence of an SD card slot is a significant drawback. This omission was not clearly mentioned, which was misleading, as all other Swift Go models include this feature."
4,"Initial Review
Pros:
1.Metal Body
2. Fingerprint Sensor
3. 1080 camera
Cons:
1. Very low speaker output
2. Should have given 1tb ssd
Laptop has 2 slots of Ram both used 8+8"
4,"Overall the laptop is good. But I reduced one star because the display is only average, no proper clarity even in 1080 pixels and speakers also producing less sounds, rest of performance it is buttery smooth with 16GB RAM and 512GB ssd. One good thing is the vents are colourful and less noise levels. Good for coding purpose"
4,Laptop's build quality isn't the best but okay in this price point . The fan starts spinning loud just for daily tasks yet to check gaming performance. Battery backup is bad but 170 watt charger is sweet charges the laptop in 1.5 hours.
4,40 fps on 4k with ultra settings in witcher 3 enhanced edition.
4,Good performance till now.
4,Display is good performance is also good but the sound is very low battery backup is also low if the company improves these two it will be a very good laptop
4,Thermals Are Very Good But while Running heavy apps like davinchi resolve and games like the evil within the app crashes we have to opp and on the laptop
4,All aspects of this laptop is ok. But screen wobble is serious. Otherwise totally worth it
4,Great buy
4,Very good product.Very nice design.it feels like a 50-60k laptop.amazing IPS display. Battery life is around 5-6 hours easily. Just check for any screen bleeding issue after you get delivery.overall value for money 👌👌
4,"Every thing is excellent, bugget friendly product BUT right click refresh window frequency is some time low"
4,"Excellent value for money for those not needing gaming capability. Robust construction , light and compact. Camera could have been better!"
4,Very good product at an affordable rate.
4,Good laptop ✨🖤 go for it
4,The battery is good but charging gets slow from 60% to 100 % very slow. And the display is also good. But for gaming the battery loses fast. For video it lasts around 6 to 7 hours. Multitasking is also good. Writing this review after using it one day.
4,Nice 👌
4,"Weight and battery life
Rest is fine"
4,"Design is good, processor is good. Best laptop within this range. I got it in 36K from flipcart.
Cons.
-Switch on button taking more time to get activated
- Battery backup is only upto 3-4 hrs only."
4,HP laptop with i3 processor and 12 genaration is good for daily collage usage leval and window 11 is like something extra that makes a good thing even better
4,"Very good product uder 45k, display good but not best... battery capacity not sufficient for laptop.. otherwise design is very good and also backlit key board.. this price of range yea its a good laptop in my opinion."
4,"Performance, Display=Great
Build quality =not that good , sharp edge ,I have used electric tape
Battery=3 hour
Value for money , Maybe best at this price, 40k"
4,"Good quality display and performance is good but sound quality, camera not good. This laptop heating problem."
4,So it's nice 👍
4,"very good item, smooth function"
4,Everything is good but battery backup quite low but enough
4,"Performance is good. Charge speed is great. Pretty lightweight.
Lacks a bit on battery backup.
Also it developed a noise from inside like a screw is loose or something. Plus now the LED keyboard red light that showed mute audio is not lighting up anymore.
Otherwise all good. But it was an overpriced purchase."
4,Good quality Product. Value For Money. I am writing a review After 10 days of Delivery. Battery backup 4 to 5 Hours.Performance is Good But sometime Small glitch are found.
4,Go for it
4,"It was amazing, i bought it for 50k in sale first look is fully impressed and come to performance it was soo cool . There is one disappoint that is bettary it exactly works 4 hours.this review is just 2 days only."
4,Awesome products. I am using this products for 5 day. I play game and do coding. It's performance is awesome. No lacking in game. But camera quality is poor.
4,"Very high performance laptop
Best for gaming and all other works"
4,It would be better to dual channel 16 instead of single channel.
4,"It is value for money..BUT couldve been better.
One major thing is, it should be mentioned that its single channel ram.
Bought the 16 gb ram variant thinking it would come with dual channel ram, but disappointed...only one stick of 16 gigs.
Rtx 3050...85w tgp is very good
i5 12450 is niicee
Display is meh. The 120 hz is nice.
No mux switch. But get a hybrid switch.
Thermals are awesome, very appropriate for a room with no AC. Build and design is superb.
U donot get any bags or extras, j...
READ MORE"
4,Good performance
4,"Performance and great thermal of this laptop make it a value pack, the only down side is the IPS panel and the weight. See the screen is pretty bright and have 100% sRGB color gamut, but in term of contrast it falls behind and not very appealing when one is consuming OTT content in a dark ambience lighting. And the laptop is pretty heavy.."
4,A great value. Bit heavy
4,Good spec considering its price.
4,The laptop is great has many many features but does not have Microsoft office personal you have to buy it but better performance and ssd makes it more powerful the battery can be 5 hours gaming or 12 hours open light work normal brightness
4,value for money
4,Good job by Zebronics. Nice laptop
4,"Awsm design, look's good.. but sound is very less..."
4,Except heating issue other all things are good. I urge zebronics to get firmware update to overcome heating issue..
4,Yes we can play GTA v easily smooth
4,value for money laptop good performance
4,"After using 20 days
Pros
Design and build quality is gud and looking premium
Performance is good
Only one thing is battery drain so fast
And charging also bit slow
And sometimes getting High heating
For basic work and college students go for it worth for money"
4,Laptop is good but while charging laptop produs shok how can I fix this please help me any suggestions?
4,ONLY PROBLEM IS FAN NOISE OTHER THAN THAT IT IS GOOD I DONT USE MUCH I JUST USE IT FOR MY COLLAGE PURPOSE
4,Battery backup is not satisfactory otherwise product is good
4,Super but battery backup is bad
4,"Product was good value for money ,
But could given ms office free
In this laptop ms office is not activated free need purchase😆all over ok

After 5days of use given this rating
Display-4,5 out of 5
Performence :4 out of5
Battery:3.5 out of 5
Value for money:,4.5 out of 5"
4,Nice laptop 💻
4,"Everything is good, but I have found a few issues with the right click key."
4,Everything is good. No goodies provided even though they are available for latest gen laptops.
4,"It's the best laptop for good performance,i faced screen blending issue then and there (not all time ) ....thn after this it's budget friendly too I got this laptop for 81k using cards ....best performance in this budget."
4,"Great laptop, gets warm during basic usage as it is slim. Overall great purchase for 25k."
4,"At this price it is best option
Some times some heating issues noticed."
4,It is best laptop in this range
4,"Well everything meet up to my expectations, exept the battery 🔋"
4,This a good laptop in this segment
4,Good quality
4,"Performance is pretty good , it is fast enough to handle some of the mid range heavy application like games , heavy software etc very easily.alongside its battery backup is as mentioned in specifications ,provides backup of 3-4 hour on normal uses depending upon settings and application. Display is also very good .

Overall experience is very good , its a very powerful laptop in this budget.

Just go for it ...👍👍👍👍👍"
4,As of now it is working good
4,"I like this laptop. I shall update my comment after one month. Laptop design is mind-blowing
The display quality is not like HP/ Apple but, not like infinity either. No keyboard lights either.
But, you won't get 16GB RAM and 512 GB ROM either in other laptops"
4,Best experience for watching for movies in Dolby atmos. But it taking 3.30 hours for full charge. And you can use it continuously for 5 to 6 hrs only. Microsoft office is not pre installed and it is asking for premium to use
4,"One thing to note for anyone buying this .
The i5 13500hx doesn't disappoint along with the rtx 4050 gpu it can run most of the aaa games at 1080p with ease . The battery life is average as it's a gaming laptop.
The predator sense is something the acer needs to improve on the keyboard lighting setting doesn't apply sometimes. Overall id give an 8/10"
4,Looks good at first sight.
4,"touchpad should be redesigned, overall good laptop for performance tasks"
4,it was a nice product but windows is making it slow gaming experiance is nice
4,"Product is very good ,battery life up to 3-4hours"
4,This one is having 8 GB RAM only... Lag observed in NFS heat... If you search the requirements for this game you will see that 16 GB ram is required for smooth gameplay... Old games and GTA 5 etc worked fine... I sort of use it for office work and budget was tight... Light gaming as of now... All over budget friendly gaming laptop.... and HP laptops are known to last... I took HP because my old laptop lasted 8-10 years although there was continuous gaming... It was HP pavilion g4 notebook.
4,Good design
4,"Best in segment if you are gamer you can go for it if you have budget of 1 lakh
Display is nice brightness is awesome
Performance next level
Camera is average but it's fine we can manage"
4,Design is to God battery performance is lettle slow but nice product
4,Very good prod
4,"Btw!!!! A very good laptop performance is very good you can do any type of editing easily, display is also decent.. You can do colour grading and watch Netflix. And its design is also nice lookwise but for me its little bigger to hold or carry it every time and overall i loved this laptop ❤️!!!
Btw battery at silent mode is avg. If in performance mode then mkc🔋"
4,Display and performance is good . I tried only pubg yet . The bad think is battery backup and speakers are not louder enough .. even my iphone speakers feel louder than it . Otherwise its good . Performance feel good while laptop is charging but without charging its feel little slow when you open apps files.. but im satisfyied till now..
4,Some finger print on laptop....i think one is the prons
4,Powerful processer in this price design good
4,Display is bluerr
4,"Looking Premium quality 😍😍 But Battery Back Up 4-6 Hours with internet connection
And Excellent Performance Product"
4,"The laptop is very sleek, it's gaming laptop but still looks very professional, no RGBs, no unnecessary designs, perfect for me.
Got it for ~85k during BBD sale, and it's the most worth it deal ever. If anyone is planning to buy it, make sure to wait for some sale and get it below 90k.

The battery is decent, works for ~4 hours, but just plug it in everytime, it's a gaming laptop. And you get a 230W charging brick.
The keyboard is really good, backlight is white and not RGB, there's no wobbli...
READ MORE"
4,"They mentioned gta v performs 100fps in medium graphics. But it only be 55-57fps for medium graphics in my device.

Over all good.
I use this laptop only for coding and it was pretty good for coding."
4,"This is very good for daily use and light gaming.
I don't play much games , main reason I bought this is for web dev.
Display is really good.
Battery is ok ok, not bad.
Have backlit.
Nice one .
If ur budget is around 45k to 50k go for it .
I bought it for 50k
And this was my first laptop.....
Looks premium"
4,Osm 🤩 but 6ohz 😂
4,"Best laptop under 50k with ryzen 5 5600H gaming processor. You can buy it for coding, gaming but it is heavy so u can feel uncomfortable while carrying it for college."
4,Must buy I really love the design 😁 performance is pretty good in this price range
4,"The laptop is worst . previously i bought 6 laptops, all are good ...but this laptop is worst..."
4,"Best laptop under this price, but battery life is not much good hardly last for 3 hours"
4,"Nice product , 😃"
4,"Laptop performance is excellent .
The battery comes only 3 hours .
Plastic is delicate , be careful you will get scratches easily .
The display is nice .
If it is between 30k to 35k it will be good . Because of the battery and delicate plastic used for the laptop ."
4,Very good product.
4,good product but battery life not good.
4,Battery is drain but all good I like it
4,Good product value for money 💰 under 50k good product....
4,"Okay the star ratings first.
Overview - ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Performance - ⭐⭐⭐⭐
Display - ⭐⭐⭐⭐
Webcam - ⭐
Microphone - ⭐⭐⭐
Sound - ⭐⭐⭐
Battery life - ⭐⭐⭐
Keyboard - ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Heat management - ⭐⭐⭐⭐

This is my first laptop buying from Flipkart online eCommerce platform and the experience of ordering to product receiving is good(though they charged a little extra price). Received in less than 36hours of ordering. I am still discovering and learning things as I use so here's my review. Its good from every point ...
READ MORE"
4,Just amazing 🤩
4,This very good laptop under 50k
4,It's laptop is awesome 👍
4,Value for money 💰.
4,Laptop looks cool and its as per specs and performance good. Battery is bit poor as it is compensated for performance. One important this is there MUX switch in this but in poster it is shown it has MUX switch
4,Its value for money
4,Preferable windows rather than ubontu
4,"Just for everyone's info this laptop has 4+4 gb ram sticks which I think that is not good as most of the users will surely be willing to upgrade the ram so they have to completely remove the existing rams and install new 8+8 or 16+16 sticks which I think is waste of money and also there's no extra storage slot so if you want to increase storage than you have to replace the existing SSD rest assured this is a very good deal if you bought it under 45k and also there are rumours about this lapto...
READ MORE"
4,"Very powerful laptop. Must buy in this price range.
Thanks Flipkart.
All high games run very smoothly ❤️"
4,"Over all good product in this price range,
Pros:- Good performance, good lcd display, good sound quality,

Cons: average battery life, battery back not good, heating issue.."
4,Looking good but Display Size minor Small
4,"Amazing performance 🤩
And video quality is osm in this price"
4,Such a good product and performance is also good.
4,The product is good.The delivery man was also kind.
4,Laptop is good
4,A very good deal.I am happy with this purchase 🩷
4,Nice product 😍
4,Very good laptop
4,"The laptop's performance has been been top notch for the price but the only diappointment I have is with the battery life, since the laptop has no vram for any slightly intensive tasks the gpu kicks in effecting the battery life. I got upto 2:30hrs while playing a game and browsing, which is not that great considering the other options available. Also I installed a 1TB SSD in the second slot since the 512gb wouldn't be enough at all.All in all its a good laptop for the price."
4,"### Lenovo LOQ 15ARP9 Review

**Pros:**

1. **Display:**
The Lenovo LOQ 15ARP9 features a 15.6-inch Full HD display with a 144Hz refresh rate. This high refresh rate provides smooth and fluid visuals, making it ideal for gaming and fast-paced content. The display offers vibrant colors and sharp details, enhancing the overall viewing experience for gaming, video watching, and general use.

2. **Processor:**
The laptop is powered by an AMD Ryzen 7 7435HS processor, which delivers exceptio...
READ MORE"
4,"Wonderful product
But need to improve battery back up"
4,"It's a great product in terms of performance.
It's actually value for money product."
4,"Product is good bLenovo LOQ Ryzen 7 with 24GB RAM, all parts are genuine. The design is good-looking, and there are only minor heating issues. Otherwise, the battery capacity is decent, and charging is fast. Overall, it's great for editing purposes.

But Flipkart's delivery was terrible. I was really stressed out as it took many days for the product to arrive, and their response was not good either."
4,"This review will be detailed, covering everything about the Ryzen 5600H RX6500M variant.

Let's start with gaming performance:

Performance:
This laptop handles games well, but a major problem is occasional stuttering. It's not due to power, as the RX6500m is quite powerful (similar to an RTX 2050, sufficient for 1080p gaming). I believe it's because of the PCIe Gen 3 port limitation, as the Ryzen 5 only supports Gen 3 PCIe, and unfortunately, it can't be solved.

Display:
The 250 nits bright...
READ MORE"
4,Overall good performance but only issue is battery.
4,"I didn't expect the Aspire series to give the laptop with 144hz display and 16 gb ram and 3050 gpu, but the laptop I have purchased has it all, I also owned an acer aspire 7 laptop with a 60hz display and the difference is visible. Happy with the purchase, will keep you all posted with a long term usage review."
4,Laptop.. Qulity is very good.. .. Performance. Is good
4,"Performance is good, sound also good,
But battery drained very fast."
4,Very nice but ms Office kit missing
4,Awesome display 🥰
4,Value for money laptop.
4,"Everything is fine,but the cooling fan is making very loud noise.🥺😒😢"
4,Assume product but sometimes cooling fan makes noise.
4,"I bought this laptop during the Diwali Bajaj Finance offer for 45k. After one month of use, I can honestly say that the laptop's performance, design, and display are wonderful. However, I am disappointed with two things - the battery life and sound quality. The camera is okay and we were able to play normal games, but the battery drained in just two hours. Overall, I think it's a good value for money laptop."
4,"Performance is good i played games like valorant Lara croft no lag , screen drop but charge backup is less ."
4,"Nice 👍 value for money. Display is good and also key is very smoothly press and very nice performance.

----Draw back ---
But only one draw back is speaker 🔇 sound is slow."
4,"Performance is High quality, display also top."
4,The battery lasts about 4-5 hours on balanced mode. The display is awesome. Watching content quality is good. Max 1TB ssd available. Microsoft 365 lifetime free. Speakers are good for a room. Not EVO CERTIFIED. Thunderbolt port not available. Metal build. Looks premium and slim. Type c charger. No heating problem. Using it for casual office work and content watching.
4,"Good cpu and gpu performance
Average battery
Good display ,colors are good but in dark image it shows display bleeding.
Build quality is okish .
Thermals are better than asus tuf in this budget.

Value for money in the price bracket.
I will update this review after long term usage."
4,Good but color are change
4,"-Power Zabardast⚡⚡⚡
-Design Good.
-Display Good,can play 8k videos easily.
-The battery drains quickly while gaming, but enough while normal use.4 hours
-speaker quality is low
-finger sensor fast working
-Excellent laptop for CAD softwares"
4,Best laptop under 40k
4,Apart from heating issues the laptop is pretty osm
4,"Worth ? Yes at this price range, totally worth it I got this at 45k for 16/512 varient in big billion sale, after applying 5k off from HDFC debit card.... Performance is beast, it is up to date, display is good, customisation is also worth it... Just go for it."
4,"Display is Great, RGB Keyboard also but Battery and Speakers are down side for this laptop. Other than that smooth performance and value for money product."
4,"The overall design of the laptop is good, it looks great and it's built quality is very good as well.
I had a performance problem, I ordered the 16gb variant thinking that it will come in 8+8gb sticks (laptop performance is maximum if you use 2 same sticks in duar channel memory) but it came with only one 16gb ram which is making the laptop a little bit slow.
But the camera and mic are good and the processor for this price is a steal really but you have to take care of the thing I told earlie...
READ MORE"
4,"Good product ...I loved all of its features ,battery is quite good ,worth for value charged for it I liked the keyboard and its colour it good outline of this product is great a little disappointment with the heat from pc if we use for long time though the product is great 👍 packaging is good"
4,"First of all backlit keyboard not available
All over good performance
Display superb"
4,Nice product..... You should go for it .....
4,"Guys this laptop is really amazing value for money and I bought it for 72.5k, please note this!!. Don't ever try to install any cracked games especially from gameloop, then you will end up in the blue screen after restart and then you have to just reset the laptop like me which takes too long time, if you guys end up in the blue screen just turn on the laptop and press f9 key then choose reset pc."
4,Product is Very good but Battery performance is very poor.
4,Good product no issue
4,GOOD PERFORMANCE VALUE FOR MONEY
4,"Value for money 💰💰😁😁..
Like the product.."
4,"Looks good.. Build quality is solid.. very little flex. OLED Screen is awesome. cannot test the performance but RAM on this machine is of 7500 Mhz approx and best in class LPDDR5X
Speakers are not loud enough. Expected the speakers like previous lenovo laptop but the front firing speakers on this model is just average or below-average..
Feels slight sensation while charging due to metal body.
All this is based on 2 day usage.."
4,"Great Display.
Great build
Great processor

I think at this price it is the best laptop as of now✌️"
4,"Okayish linux support, but that is to be expected with new hardware. Nothing unusable. (Running Silverblue).
Overall, good value for money."
4,"everything is excellent except the screen quality
value for money"
4,"This particular laptop is very good in terms of performance, display and other features at this price point ."
4,Most powerful laptop
4,The speaker quality is not too good and also the brightness is just okay. It some has software glitch that breaks the sound during session rest it is a value for money gadge
4,"Best in this price range. Battery backup is decent (unlike other reviews. And it depends on usage and optimisation)
2-3 cons that I noticed ( rest everything is perfect for me):
1. Speakers are not loud but it's a not a big thing for me, I can use external speakers.
2. During gaming, heats a bit around the keyboard area as the air flows through the keyboard into the fans and gets out of the bottom.
3. Wish it would have additional storage capacity for one more ssd"
4,I loved this one... First laptop of my life and I'm fully satisfied with it except battery.
4,Overall the product i received was value for money but the only con i faced was its speakers.
4,Best laptop ever for beginners 😀
4,"Was good, occasionally sucks, that's because I use really heavy apps such as abaqus, fusion 360, MATLAB, ansys for my research, I play GTA V too. No lag, it's really smooth. Not 10/10 but 9.2/10, I am a heavy user my laptop is on all the time 16 GB Ram and i5 gaming processor at this price was just perfect.
I use external hard disk so, SSD is at its optimal speed"
4,Better as compared other laptop inthis range but Microsoft office not work you have to purchase exal PowerPoint. Wordpad .
4,I played GTA V and game is running smooth when i plugd in.
4,With bank offer near 22k nice laptop.
4,Good normal work 👍
4,"Very good product
Performance full on 🔥
Battery backup 4 on screen
Keypad quality very good
Touch pad mouse very good
My thinking all over performance and value for money this is the one of best laptop"
4,"Gud Laptop in this range, really has a quick booting"
4,"Very smooth performances, it has an anti-glare display as well 144 hertz"
4,"Pros:
-Good Price To Performance.
-Good after sales service.
-Easy to take apart.
-Great form factor for gaming and casual use.
-Comes with an extra NVMe slot(PCIe 3.0) for more storage.

Cons:
-Speakers are useless.
-USB ports are not good quality, need to fiddle around to make sure all pins make contact.
-Screen Blead.
-Keyboard gets very hot while gaming but the temps are within normal range."
4,Nice product if u want to compromise on battery and display little build quality would have made this more good but good to go
4,Overall good experience
4,Excellent
4,Nice Chromebook. Best value of money 💸 Design and prosessor is very good but display is not good. Dissent Display
4,"build quality is very good latest configuration with AI support OLED display is very nice
only downside i feel is bottom side fan should be else where and battrey life be better considering AI offering in this
good for normal usage bit of games and editing due to latest processor and graphics"
4,"I purchased this for 64350. Below 70k it was amazing. Performance was next level and battery also good, if you are normal user battery was up to 6 hrs. The only concern Is sound. It was ok but not good(miss the base ) and they compromise in hinge also."
4,"Great laptop, but speakers could be better."
4,It's really good.
4,Nice ☺️ but some time playing game you feel lag then you use charger with laptop and play no lag found ☺️☺️❤️❤️
4,"Value for money at this price, performance is better for basic gaming and HD video editing"
4,Awesome Laptop🥰 Value For Money..
4,Sound quality is too less.. apart from it all good. Nice product
4,Every thing is perfect except sound
4,Display not eye comfortable
4,Build quality awesome only is missing there is backlit and
4,Great laptop test.
4,"Overall good Laptop at reasonable price for light work. I am using it since last one year.
Pros: -
1. Good battery life from 03hrs to 06Hrs depending upon work intensity.
2. Good Processor.
3. Ok kind of build quality.
Cons: -
1. Below average display. Ok for text reading but not for viewing video.
2. Speaker is not loud enough.
Remember to inspect properly before takin delivery as some back panel screw was missing in my unit"
4,Value for money👍 if u want to buy laptop under 30k then just go for it
4,The performance is well but the product processer heating is very soon
4,Good for students
4,"The product is incredible, and so far, it is running well. I haven't used it much....basically using it for office work. I tried to play Forza 5, and it is running smoothly.

One thing I would like to mention, those who are thinking of playing games then make sure you have AC rooms, this one heats up too fast...."
4,Good performance value for money but you have to compromise with display quality it screen resolution not good
4,Just ok
4,"It is amazing as well as budget laptop for me also the performance level is no challenge.

Thank Flipkart 🙏"
4,"Hi all I bought this laptop
Performance - as per price performance is ok but not ok for heavy users as it starts lagging

Design - design is good but build quality is ok ok

Display - as per price good
Value for money - yes it is
Battery - 2-3 hours"
4,All things is good but sound quality is low and display is good at this price point.😀
4,The product looks very good on first impression. Very much worth for the price. The only con i faced is display.. Really not good . But for programmers and basic office users this will be an excellent choice
4,Review after 5 days I genuinely says it's a very good product in this price range really value for money
4,The product is value for money however the company compromised with product quality. The built material of the charger and the keyboard is too bad. Network connectivity strength is at the lower side.
4,Nice product 😸😁
4,Good Product. Does the Job.. Wifi is not stable. Rest all okay. Value for Money
4,"Value for Money product I'm edit wedding heavy Size video laptop perform very Great
I'm happy with this product thank U flipkart"
4,"I used since two days .. need to analyse the gaming performance.. will give a review soon ..

Battery back up is low..
As per performance awesome"
4,Best device in this price range
4,"Good Value, But Update Support Lacking*
I recently purchased this and have been using for a 2-3 weeks . Here's my honest review:
*Pros:*
- Excellent performance for daily tasks and moderate high level gaming
- Good battery life
- Sleek design and sturdy build
- Affordable price
*Cons:*
- Acer's update support is disappointing (infrequent driver and BIOS updates)
- Some Acer applications are not available
*Improvement Suggestions:*
Acer, please improve update support and resolve discontinued ...
READ MORE"
4,Osm quality and osm look...
4,for office work it was best but if u want more that's not eligible
4,If u are getting macbook air m1 go with that no one can match Rest go with according to your uses.
4,Best laptop in this price range
4,Good product to buy . Performance wise also very good. Just has a minor heating Issue.
4,"It's nice, lightweight, let's see how good it perform later."
4,one of the best one can biy in this price bracket
4,Super product i really like this
4,Best 👍 but camera 📷 no👎 like
4,"Light weight,handy,perfect size and easy to carry."
4,Very very nice
4,Nice cromabook laptop but this for students good
4,"My first hand laptop, But hiting problam"
4,"Product is good ,best for online study"
4,Great deal at this price .just like wow 😮.
4,"Value for money...
Recommended for students and beginner only ...."
4,"I am using Chromebook for the first time, so I found some missing keys and features as compared to my notebook but it is good enough to do the job at this price band. Not aesthetically nice. Value for money product."
4,Nice product and I loved it...
4,Velue for money
4,Good product seems no lack preety good display design and battery backup is also good u love this I got this at 23k in bbd sale go for it you won't regret but yeah I got 256 gb ssd which is not good so u better go with 512 gb 😍
4,Satisfied with this product.
4,"Ok product, you can buy"
4,"Superfast, I am loving it."
4,quite satisfied with the performance and design
4,"Good once it offering much spec in this segment
Bt it has chief plastic body looking OK ok"
4,"Display quality low , Fast speed for using"
4,"After two day of usage I feel this system is good ,only drawback I feel is 14 inch,booting fast."
4,Laptop is really nice...superfast working
4,Ot looks very small but easy to handle and performance is good but office is not free. Overall it is good to buy
4,"1. Sound quality not good.
2. Display Quality something batter.
3. Web cam privacy Sutter missing.
Overall It's good laptop."
4,"As performance is very good .display is too small.need to be better body and outlook .speakers are not worth for money.booting process is very good .
design and body outlook is too poor.but worth for performance .battery life is 6hrs pretty good .

perfromance wise too good .But for look and design and body are not worth for money.
need to improve better outlook and design ."
4,Excellent display. Weight and touch pad need some improvement.
4,This is a good product
4,Nice product but display is bit disappointing 😉
4,"Design is good, very slim, build quality is awesome. Value for money. Best buy for regular use, and useful for students for coding."
4,Volue for money nice
4,This product is very good 👍👍
4,"Review after 2 months
Battery backup is so mid it doesn't even last 1 hr
Performance wise decent at this range
As I completed rdr 2 and ghost of tushima
Rdr ran very smoothly in maximum graphics
And With ghost of tushima it ran smoothly only in low graphics and i tried High graphics lags insanely bad
Sound wise it is decent to good
And I edit videos with both AE and premiere pro
And rendering and editing doesn't have any issues
Overall a decent lap at this range"
4,Good laptop in reasonable price
4,"Brilliant performance at this price, starts up in 3 secs. Closes in 2. Display is not up to mark."
4,"Overall good performance, but screen should be improved in this price point."
4,Satisfactory item
4,PC is just awesome ❤️
4,I am very satisfied with this product...
4,Over good
4,The laptop fares pretty well when it comes to performance and multitasking. 16 GB RAM and the AMD Ryzen 5 Hexacore 5500U processor ensure a smooth function even when the workload is high. The camera and speakers are a downside though.
4,Good product for office use.
4,I like pc fast work 😝
4,"Good, I am satisfied."
4,"I am writing this review after 1 month using this laptop.
Pros-
The performance is very good and it is very fast in processing. It is very lightweight.
Cons-
This laptop is fully made of plastic. After full charge it lasts upto 4 hours. It has no backlit keyboard."
4,Good working speed
4,Noce product
4,Everything is good except screen
4,"First of all the product is value for mony you can go for it .it is designed for students and home workers I found 4 points in this products I think all customers have the same feelings
1.disply is not much quality as you expect
2.battary life is good I only use 2 days so I couldn't found the exact battery backups
3.there is no DVD drive so you can forget to thought you can play drive on your lap
4.bulding quality is average"
4,"Worthy product,💯"
4,Good product but sceen quality is low
4,Ok okay
4,As expected
4,Only 5 days over seems to be good value for money.
4,Good product overall
4,Good processing quite fast
4,"Pros

Light weight and simple design.
Performance due to SSD
battery is enough, around 4+ hours
Licensed Ms Office

Cons

Power button design, sometime you have to press twice
Build quality is not solid, this means you need handle with more care

In general, a good laptop for home and students use."
4,"Wonderful speed and performance however, few cons are reported for instance fan is making lots of noise and battery backup is 4 hours while normal running operation. Otherwise value for money"
4,"Pros: 1. Performance is very good. I use visual studio for development and on my old i3 system visual studio would take forever to load and run applications. On this system I can run multiple sessions of visual studio without any lag.
2. Ms office provided.



Cons: 1. Build quality is not that great.
2. It can not connect to 5 ghz band of wifi. 2.4 ghz works well.
3. Display is nothing to boast about. However it works without any issues.


Verdict: If you need good performance provided...
READ MORE"
4,Nice good
4,Good for speedy work....
4,Nice product ☺️ and value for money
4,Super laptop in this price range excellent performance but battery backup is not as per my expectations battery backup is bad I am not satisfied with battery backup
4,Delivery is too late but loptap is good working
4,"Laptop is good for programming. It can handle multitasking. boot time takes 1-2 seconds.
bought this laptop on 21st August, 2023. After 9 days, i got one dead pixel in my laptop screen. Build quality can be good
Other than that everything works good."
4,Overall laptop is great except there is a heating issue.
4,Super 👍
4,If any problem some guys r facing. They solved all problems kindly. Good work. It's working fine now. Thank you promebook customer support team. Who needs for study online classes just buy it. It's working good..
4,"I purchased this laptop during big billion days where including card offer it went around 60k.
In short it's a best deal trust me under 65k..
Everything is balanced and when I say everything means everything and I'm tech enthusiastic so I'm telling you it's a best laptop for productivity and very light occasional gaming.
Body aluminium, dtsx tuned speaker are so good not out of the box so you have to tune it, connectivity is very good, display is ips but still good for normal work and touch i...
READ MORE"
4,"1st of all I would like to say about the product packageing was good 👍 but the Flipkart packageing was not so good...

About product : I get this at 70k but I think I miss the OLED screen and laptop getting heat up after 1_2 hrs work, but the build quality was good enough 😁😁😁 overall good product"
4,"Value for the product:

1. Cost effective
2. SSD- quick to work
3. Almost all the functions of a basic laptop
4. HP- a trusted brand

Negative points:

1. Slight lag, especially when RAM is 8 GB
2. Poor display quality
3. Web cam is not up to the mark
4. Plastic body- difficult to dissipate heat

Overall- 3.8/5 for cost effectiveness with such features, but has alot of scope for improvement."
4,"Good performance, but battery prb"
4,"Nice Product got it for 55 k during BBD, For general use heating is not much , If you use it for gaming, video rendering then heating will go up,Rest of all good Blindly go for it"
4,"It's a wonderful product I like its value for money The first time ,Flipkart has a great value"
4,"Good performance, display quality is good very good but battery performance as very low"
4,"Prons -
1. Fast finger lock
2. Premium look
3. At 50k approx. Got 3050 RTX
4. No lag
Con -
1. No shutter camera
2. Heating issue
3. Built can be better

Overall it's good if you have a tight budget of under 55k."
4,Under budget good product
4,good
4,Laptop is good in every aspect except speaker
4,Very useful product.
4,Very good product thanks acer
4,"Its good for a budget laptop, memory is less after updating to 11"
4,"Excellent value for money, ONLY if you know what you are getting into.

This is a super basic laptop, but is capable of very capable Web browsing and has a decent battery life as well. I use it for studying, basic coding, and Netflix on the go - and for these use cases it is definitely no slouch.

I've also set up video calls through its very basic webcam, and it didn't crash either. The speakers aren't the greatest, so you'll have to rely on external wired / wireless speakers.

The biggest ...
READ MORE"
4,Very nice Product Performance Good is Not Super Fast but Performance Good Use For Daily Work So Very good Product 👍
4,Good looking. The keyboard and touchpad are also good.Overall Good feel in hand.
4,"Very good laptop
Battery backup good"
4,Good product like it
4,"Awesome product for the price range.
Thanks flipkart ✌👍"
4,Very Good Laptop......
4,Nice product good
4,Good product. Comes with backlit and numeric keyboard. But display is quite disappointing. Although value for money product. Coding can be done without any problem. You can go for it if you are looking for a all rounder laptop in this price point. Very good for online classes.
4,"Pros
The product is good,
performance is nice.
Gaming also smooth(normal graphics)
Cons
Cooling is not efficient.heat generating.
vents are provided near to the display,hot air directly hits the display.
It will be better to display size 15.6"
4,"Cons :
1. Heating issue. within 1 or 2 minutes of switching on the laptop, it heats up...have been using in an AC room. so it didn't get uncomfortably hot.
2. Fan noise is a big thing. That too the outlet is at the bottom of the screen and facing the screen. so the fan noise is very clearly heard.
3. Battery backup is above average. Can live with it though.

Barring the above two points, the laptop is perfect.. I have no issues and its worth the money and I had bought it during GOAT sale"
4,"It has heating problem while charging, remaining product and performance is great."
4,Go for it without thinking twice.
4,Too good for normal work nd too good for students online study..... Nd easy to carry its like pocket pc.... Its perfect for normal....dont buy heavy program users.....
4,Lite weight. Good performance. Keyboard keys are arranged upwords that may allow some chances to enter into key pits
4,Good for money
4,"No c type charger , battery backup is 1 to 2 hours dell should be upgraded cells if making changes in this model , too heavy to carry in dailyway high weight and high load processor and graphics are good , you can increase RAM upto 32GB, price is ok"
4,"Best one for Online classe, speakers and display is not upto the mark but for 11k , it is ok"
4,"Worth for money , lite users"
4,"Primebook leptop is good,performance is very good, performance writing 4.5,so use and enjoy."
4,"Very good laptop for students, and value for money.✅"
4,A good deal ✨
4,"Got it for Rs. 54568 during BBD sale.
The laptop design is good and the back panel is very thin.
Good for home use."
4,"The design, display, performance is good but the sound is low and the battery is draining fast.it is worthy for money"
4,amazing performance-wise. wish battery backup and display quality was a bit better but overall the experience has been good. quite nice at this price range.
4,working soomthly
4,"Good product from Lenovo if you are at a budget of 28k to 29k don't think much you're not going to get much better option than this if you're priorities is doing programming, office, little gaming.
It's a perfect laptop for student, rams are upgradable, boot time 2 sec max, doesn't heat up much, supports 5g network. Oh yes it plays Gta v at stable 30 fps. Display is good and bright, colours are not bad too but viewing angle are not good because it's a TN panel, but if you got extra bucks to s...
READ MORE"
4,Wifi keeps disconnecting and display quality bit low budget wise ok
4,"Good for students, cant expand ram"
4,Very good nice pordact
4,Awsome laptop with awsome features . Gaming at high fps 👍 . Camera qualitya not good👍
4,"Nice product. but good performance and battery backup is not good .￼ and camera quality is not good just okay,"
4,Overall satisfied with the product 👍🏻😌
4,"Camera quality is not up to expection, but overall this this good laptop"
4,Look wise nice product but battery performance and heating issue should be solved. Gud for normal use
4,I'm loving it 😍
4,Good 👍
4,Value for students.
4,"Thank You Flipkart
Laptop is very smooth working
And battery , display , design all are good"
4,"One and only best and affordable price range laptop for education and daily use. I recommend this for students,and the must and should reason for first choice because it's is MADE IN INDIA ."
4,This product is value and worth. But the battery is not good.Except battery rather than everything is good.
4,"Very good Laptop , Performance is top class , Battery backup is not good , Screen is also not so good , but it is value of its money . Best Laptop"
4,Awesome.Works like charm.
4,It is the best Laptop but battery backup is very very poor
4,received today and happy...
4,"This is very value for money product, I am using it and it is performing great. If you have less budget around 26k , then buy it, if you have more than it go for 1215u processer laptop"
4,Gud
4,Good in Performance
4,This is a good laptop with gpu tgp of 120w .its cooling system is too good .never rise temp than 75 degree.Good for gaming.moderate playble with ray tracing on
4,Perfect for video editing and gaming
4,"Best at this price
Owsom"
4,Best laptop in this price segment... 🤞
4,"I saved around 5 k rupees in BBD SALE
battery performance is average but normally working is great file ,video streaming and for office work also great .
Used as multi task is great and
Full hd screen at this price is value for money
Go for it as a professional office working normally"
4,I like this product
4,Very good product 👍
4,Good laptap
4,Quality for product is too good
4,"Received this 16 GB, 512 SSD, sleek design and high Performance laptop today. It's awesome"
4,"Value of money, Easy to use, I am enjoying it."
4,Nice Product
4,Super Leptop he.
4,Improve build quality
4,"Look is very good
Display quality also very good
Battery gets very heated when charging
Backup is 4-5 hours on normal use
Microsoft is not provided (only online is available)
Warranty card, manual and receipt 🧾 not provided
Touchpad us big enough
Speaker is normal
Camera is average
Charging time is about 1.5 hrs for full charge
No backlight
No touch or pen available for screen
Keyboard is good
Overal: good in price for normal use ,coding, web browsing, movie watching, normal home and o...
READ MORE"
4,Very nice 💯 looking good condition better
4,"Best laptop value of money
But Flipkart is delivered is bad 10 days waiting for this laptop but still is worth"
4,"Good quality, Not a very good but Midium quality"
4,"For those who are thinking about performance of Intel N100, be assured that this is a 12th Gen processor and performs at par with Intel i5 gen 8 laptop processors. So I would say pretty good.
Day to day tasks like browsing and media consumption are a breeze, I could also do light photoshop and illustrator on this, thanks to the 6400Mhz DDR5 RAM.
Build quality is good. Although everything is plastic but that is expected at this price point. No squeaking or poorly aligned panels.
One gripe I...
READ MORE"
4,Product acha hai liken battery is low lasting soung v tura sa pro
4,got this beast few days back..overall it's good im currently using this as a daily driver. ive tweaked some settings for battery life (as this is not good ) 6-7 hrs in normal usage. will update after some days/months
4,Some of the specifications are not value for money like display brightness and design of keyboard. I will prefer it if you travel daily with your laptop simply lightweight gaming laptop.
4,"The performance is unmatched (😹I mean Helios is better but u get HP branding m i right)
The arrival time was delayed 3 times so 1 star for that as ridder never even picked up the call ,but about the performance it's a monster I have played miles Morales ,ghost of tsushima ,cyber punk,tekkan 8 and the performance even at the max settings was fabulous the only other good thing can be 165hz screen with 100% sRGB so if u r getting this laptop under 80k it's a steal anything less is a sure bu...
READ MORE"
4,"The laptop is nice from the hardware and the built quality side, people are saying that the display quality is not that great yeah its not that great its good just enough for everyday task and if you are that hardcore editor then you probably have a monitor then this laptop is highly recommended because of the specs and the omen built quality and support it give dts software which is direct competitor for dolby, they basically are the same thing, and you get microsoft officr 2021 student life...
READ MORE"
4,Best perfomance with no l
4,"Received it yesterday.

It has a 100% plastic body. Touchscreen works well. Touchpad is also great. Boots in seconds. It has a port for USB type-A where you should be able to insert a harddisk/pendrive or any USB device, but unfortunately you'll have to do that forcefully as the port is very tigh/small for those devices. It has a USB type-C port, a 3.5 mm audio jack and a slot for memory card. I have used it for around 9 hours and approx. 50% battery is used. It has 64 GB RAM, the OS occupie...
READ MORE"
4,Good 👍👍
4,This product is god
4,"overall good, got on 54.5K, build quality not that great and feels 16gb also less when running multiple tabs and browsers, battery life as of jow great.
The camera quality is very low grade.
sound quality is also not that good as mentioned by Dolby Atmos.
overall value for money as its 2 in 1 laptop."
4,Only problem is of omen gaming hub and battery
4,"So far after using it for almost a month I find design and display is awesome.
Performance is good
Sound quality also good , battery backup decent.
Only issue I faced that keypad and mouse trackpad is lagging after sometime (30 min) of use.
Visible delay in key press event but if you use any external keyboard and mouse then no issue.
Seeing the price of this laptop I am ok with it."
4,"Value for money, with i9 13th Gent processes, Even though the update is needed for better optimization."
4,"Laptop overall is very good for this range. If you don't want to play games of 10 20 GBS or your work doesn't need dedicated gpu then this laptop is going to be a good choice, I saw many reviews complaining about its touchpad and I haven't faced any problem yet although I use it from morning to evening. Battery backup is normal good . It gives easy 3-4 hour complete backup . You might find heating issues if you place it on a soft material but just raising 1 or 2 inches from back ( like putti...
READ MORE"
4,"Touch sensor had a lag when purchased. Rest everything looks good.
Value for money."
4,"Absoultely Loved it, altough Proscessor could have been better with an extra 2k worth of price bracket."
4,Nice 🙂👍
4,Value for Money 💰 👍
4,It's a Good product For to commercial Use
4,I am using this model laptop around 20 day and found. Everything is good except battery 2-3 hr and and charger heating problem.
4,"Having used this device for about 10 days, the difference between a smartphone and a laptop gets even more blurred! This is not a power workhorse machine and it is not designed to be one. But it sure is a great asset for simple daily activities such as surfing, emailing and some conferencing from home. Display is so-so and hence if that is important for you, then advise to go for a higher end laptop. But for this price point this is a very good buy. If you need the experience of your Android ...
READ MORE"
4,Nice!
4,"Laptop is perfect for students, those who are can't afford laptop from well known brands. I have used it till 20 days there is no disappointment that I have faced. I felt battery backup could be more that I see due to low performance processer. I got typically 3 to 3.5 hr battery backup in study related perpuse . This is not for heavy user even not for casual gammers,it only can play retro ps3 games. Overall it's a good value for money package. Thank you, have a good day."
4,"All over the lapto working wonderful work
But one thing which I very disappointed that is sound quality is average otherwise it's a wonderful product I like it☺"
4,"Best in Tha Market good product 👌 👍 👏
Awesome Display and good sound quality
Performance is very good and day to day Malti
Tasking using very good but bettery backup
Normal Tha product very nice and build quality
Is better in this price light weight if any one need
So go for it"
4,Everything is good except battery 🔋 pack
4,Working fine with me value for money. It's good for browsing and stuff super cool with coding handled different software including some adobe' softwares. It's not a video editing machine so don't expect much better to say don't expect anything in that area. Keyboard is below average that's a concern. Rest laptop is good battery back up is decent for daily use.
4,"Well I got this laptop for around 60k during BBD sale with a card offer. I just received the laptop today and everything seems fine. But I downloaded the Need for speed unbound and I feel a little lag idk if I need to update the drivers. Well it's just one day and everything was okay. The screen and building is good. You get a 3 month Xbox pass which is great. One major issue is battery backup. It hardly gives 2 -2.5 hours even if you are not doing anything. Since it's a gaming laptop so batt...
READ MORE"
4,Received on 1/11/24. Every thing fine till now 😅🤘
4,Amazing
4,"Very good product and actually it is worth in price.
It is very helpful for students."
4,I like most things about this laptop. But the main thing I dislike about it is the display. Although everything is crisp and clear the screen has a lot of screen bleeding. It's only noticeable when the screen is dark when you're in a dark room. If you're buying this laptop expect screen bleeding. If it doesn't bother you then it's a solid pick.
4,"I bought it during sale when the price was listed as 49K. I bought it in exchange so what I paid was really just 43K. I have debloated windows and have changed a lot of settings. I also run it on balanced mode and the review below is based on the same after a usage of about 15 days.

Pros:
- Good display. I also have a MBP 2019 i9 16 inch model and I don't feel like display quality is degraded when switching from MBP to this laptop, so that should give you some clue.
- Battery life is good as...
READ MORE"
4,"I liked everything about this laptop, super smooth and snappy, display is just awsome, speakers are of high quality, battery backup of normal usage (Balanced Mode) will be around 9hrs."
4,"First view was happy and great initial User Experience.
Looking forward to be in the same manner."
4,"Giving me honest review after 10 days usages.

1. Performance is top notch without any doubt

2. Display Quality is good but 60hz bottleneck the CPU power

3. Speaker Quality is good, make sure to install DTS processing app to boost the volume and to change the Equalizer according to your content.

4. Battery is better than most of the gaming laptop without any question.

5. Biggest problem is with Touchpad, the experience will make you super angry on infinix. Just buy a separate Bluetooth or...
READ MORE"
4,"I have taken delivery of this laptop yesterday and writing this review after using the laptop for about 15 hours. Strength of this laptop is:
1) High Specifications such as Intel Core i9 processor and 32GB Ram,
2) Built quality looks decent with metal body
3) Very reasonably priced for such top specifications and
4) Decent display with better viewing angles.
Weaknesses of this laptop are;
1) Battery charger supplied with this laptop is too heavy and not the C-type charger,
2) Though d...
READ MORE"
4,Very nice device for study
4,Battery back up is best for normal use.
4,"Best for
1. Online classes , Zoom meetings, browsing and the reason is because of its portability, excellent battery life but the camera quality is just average for video conferences.
2. You may not get the best typing experience but better than many windows devices which is almost twice the price.
3. Chrome OS is light weight and also supports Android Apps. Google will definitely comes with better desktop experience in future. It also providing updates till 2028
4. Build quality is fine fo...
READ MORE"
4,"Good product for students. This is not a heavy duty machine. But for zoom classes, email etc basic stuff this is one of the best. Camera is average. Too light laptop easy to carry . Go for it if you need laptop for basic stuffs."
4,"Decent performance as per price. I Got i9 13900h variant for rs. 48k. considering at this price point and after usage of 6 months, here are my pro's and cons
Pro
1. Good bright display, feels like working on oled laptop
2. blazing fast speed, easily beets i7 12th laptop of other brands
3. power/balance/eco mode for performance/battery management
4. good loud speaker
5. very premium finish
6. gen 4 1tb ssd gives speed of 4500mbps, one more slot for gen 4 ssd is give., 32 gb ddr5 5200 mhz ram i...
READ MORE"
4,"Device is good run smooth without lag
Good for programming and productivity.

Only draw back found is laptop hinge is little loose"
4,Not a better 👍
4,"The specs of this laptop are the best at this price range no other laptop brand gives this specs at this price range, only problem is thermals of this laptop are not good but it's ok ok. This laptop got around 10500 3d mark time spy score. **(you have to use COOLING PAD COMPULSORY while doing high performance tasks or while gaming)**. I didn't test it completely but this laptop can handle games at 1440p with an average fps of 60 in top 25 popular games without any dlss."
4,Been using since 20days The temps are good more than what i expected the cpu is not under performing so much the build is also good the temps stay around 85-87 while i was playing cyberpunk for 3hrs on 2k ray tracing ON the keyboard quality is also good the fan noise is loud tho there are some bugs in clevo software i hope they get fixed soon
4,"Great Machine, using this machine from 02 weeks, only issue is battery backup, it is not sufficient to power the machine for more than 2 hour. I bought the blue one and upgraded with 16GB ram and Additional sdd. Machine display is good. Overall value for money in this price range"
4,Overall good product .
4,Nice..
4,Very bad speaker quality.. Everything else about this laptop is good. Get an external speaker when u buy this laptop..
4,Very good product nothing to say any bad opinion on this product it's very hasome and stylish product I love it 🥰😍🤍 I love you Flipkart thankyou so much for exlent product 🤩🌟💝💖
4,"I have been using this laptop for the last two days. There has been no problem with the laptop in these two days. This laptop is great for children to study. All Android apps are running well in it.
customer support also good 👍
India will study, India will grow.
#makeinindia"
4,"Overall Good Product.

Pro:
Display is good.
Build quality is good.
Worth for money.

Con:
Sound is below average.
Battery is average, in full efficient mode it last less the 2 hours."
4,Laptop nice but laptop packing box very chip quality
4,Good product over this budget.
4,"I bought this for my daughter's online classes. For that limited purpose it's ok. Build quality is good. It's a very portable , light weight machine. Display , screen size , sound , touch response all are slightly above average. The camera is ok. If you looking for a slightly above package for the purpose online classes , meetings etc., This is a good machine."
4,"Good for your day to day task like browsing, watching videos and attending class online.
Cons:
1- Display is not great, just average
2- Speakers are not loud just ok

Rest all is good like
1- Battery back up , charges via type c fairly quickly and good backup.
2- Day to Day tasks can be done easily, slight learning curve if you want to use short cuts (videos available on YouTube to help)
3 - Compact and portable

With bank offers got it for around 19k decent for the price.."
4,Thanks Flipkart. It is very nice.
4,"Great laptop best display in this segment great for gaming and editing would've been better if offered with the 13th gen i5 instead and with a 1tb SSD although the storage is expandable but would've been better if offered by the company battery backup is very bad but u can't expect much backup from any gaming laptop although this one drains faster as compared to other laptops...the charger charges the laptop very quickly that's a good thing.....I got it for 62k which was a great deal for this...
READ MORE"
4,Like it
4,Nice product best quality
4,"Its use full, for small office, mails, presentation Excel.not for heavy apps,"
4,It gets a little hot in between. Overall value for money.
4,Go for 2023 launched plus series.
4,"best display, best look, 100% value for money for normal use"
4,Good at this prize range
4,"This is good for kids..
The system is fast and simple but
Speaker quality is not good..
USB port is not suitable to fix.. looks like local toy.
This is made up of low quality plastic."
4,for basic use it ll fullfill all ur requirements.but it is not recommendable for a heavy user.
4,"It's good product, screen could be little bigger with graphic"
4,"Bought this for my kid's online class. I'm very pleased with the performance.
Boots up under 10 secs. Setup is easy.
I used it for 4 to 5 hours a day. A full charge lasted my 3 days.
Certainly suitable for online classes or light browsing.
If you are a avid Windows or Mac user, then there is a learning curve. But if you have used android tablets, then you can get hang of this pretty easily.

The only drawback is the camera resolution, its bit pixelated, better use it in a well lit room durin...
READ MORE"
4,Nyc laptop
4,Good product value of money 💰
4,"TLDR : Me and my lil bro are very happy with this purchase ❤

Build: Build is pretty decent not too high end or too soft plastic just on the average side.
Photo attatched of motherboard.

Display : Clear and crisp 1440p 165
(300 nits) no complaints either much much better than any hp pathetic 1080p (250nits) display across all of their laptops.

Performance : TOP OF THE LINE 4060(almost every AAA title can be played with VERY HIGH TO ULTRA settings ) i completed Last of us part 1 on thi...
READ MORE"
4,"Writing this review after 1 week usage:
Display: Crisp 10/10
Speakers: only thing i did not like about this laptop but with external audio device giving amazing output
Thermals: so far my unit is not having any thermals issues at all. Maximum temperature it reached on max performance mode playing AAA games is 85. Which is highly acceptable.
Overall performance is at par with other competitors in this segment."
4,"I bought on 25th April received on 3 may the product was nicely packed as it packs one of the best high specs for this price when I tested it during my testing all I was concerned about the temps but if you are not the type of guy who absolutely use all kind of ray tracing and ultra intensive gaming then it will give decent temps I was testing cyberpunk 2077 which was still a intensive game I tested it on 2k native resolution at high preset kept dlss frame generation on I was getting around ...
READ MORE"
4,Very good but no keyboard light
4,"Performance is slow but does the job at this price range, but overall everything is good for basic tasks."
4,Laptop good for student and Medium all use very good and best laptop pc windos 11 thanks infinix.
4,"Good laptop in this segment , best Display, good battery backup, design sup, valu for money ❤❤"
4,Learning✍️ point of view fantastic and Budget laptop👍👍😀
4,I'm facing Hanging problem.
4,"I love it's designe it's look very beautiful😍😍
It is value for mony. For student I sugest this is best laptop for study 📚✏."
4,Good chuwi leptop
4,"After 3month it is working good.sometimes it suddenly lag.Battery backup is upto 4-5hours.
Performance upto the mark.It has a concern with cooling because it's below side there is not any system to loss heat.Atleast it has value for money."
4,All over the product is good at this price but the battery backup is not much good
4,I like
4,Very nice laptop 👌
4,It's good and product nice 👏
4,"As per the Description it works fine..Hardware Quality is Good. But If you worked with Windows or Office, it will disappoint you. I bought this doing some office work. But now I given to my son for his Online Class. I watch movies and it is good."
4,It is very good. Battery backup is very good 👍. And it is nice in color
4,"It's amazing product under this budget .go for it
1.Display amazing
2.build quality super
3.easily use multi-tasking
4.deseant battary backup
All in one laptop under 20000 segments"
4,Very good products
4,Good conditions
4,Nice product
4,Nice 👍🏻
4,"Need to improve battery backup, otherwise it's a good product"
4,I Like that ☺️
4,Help ful
4,This laptop is very useful for students for coading also others works is very smooth performance.
4,"The Product is awesome!
Deserves a solid 4⭐️.
And 2⭐️s to Flipkart for 2day late delivery."
4,It's better than Chrome book...
4,"This product is good for students, coding, trading, like small thing this laptop is perfect for all this types of daily Lightuses.. Dnt buy this one for gaming or havy uses"
4,Easily can be compared with 35K laptops it's fire 🔥 built quality and display quality is excellent when u connect to internet it runs slow and hanging problem other than that it's super for bassic usage
4,"Battery last around 3 to 4 hours
Otherwise all thing is good 👍
Average performance
No light in Keyboard

But in this price range it's a good laptop for students"
4,Very good 👍 product I'm very happy
4,"It is a good product as per Price , 14inch HD display and batter back up will be 7-7.5hrs
Best worth buying with range of 19K
with 19-20K we cant expect Laptop to run like MacBook :) - its a good for students and home purpose

as usual delivery agents delayed to deliver with unwanted reasons"
4,That's good
4,Best
4,Overall it's good laptop... 👍
4,"The product quality is good, the design is also good, and the performance is better. But laptop speaker is not good, the sound quality is very much low."
4,"This product is reasonable in price.
Good for students purpose"
4,Value for money product. Ordered 2 for office staff
4,"According to price it's ok. Sleek Design ,
Performance is overall OK don't expect too much from this laptop, you may feel a bit overheating because there are no fans for cooling . Best for students for studies and browsing. Over laptop is OK according to price."
4,"Product is good looking wise and very compact impressed with value for money
But delivery person is very irritating behaviour"
4,Good product to be
4,Value for money for basic things very good.
4,"I'm writing this review after one week usage , Design and build quality is good and looks wise awesome but performance wise a little bit slow but compared to cost it was good
The main flaw was charger quality was poor and it was 24watt it takes nearly 3-4 to get charging full and with full charge we can use upto 5 hours comparing to other new laptops it was average battery capacity
Camera quality is poor it was another flaw

Finally it was worth it
For student purpose it was than enough"
4,"This has a two-core processor, where each core runs at 1.1GHz. Two cores is fine, but 1.1GHz is extremely slow. And you will feel it right away, even when you want to type something or when you try to change the volume when playing media. So, performance suffers badly. Do not expect to play any 3D games. It also suffers badly in some 2D games, but you will be able to play most non-fancy 2D games at playable frame rates.
The sound was loud enough for me, though I have not explored much in that...
READ MORE"
4,"Value for money product ❤️
Very nice 👍"
4,Good but display normal
4,I been using this laptop for more than a month.. it's a good performing laptop..u can purchase it if it's comes under ur budget...
4,"This laptop is best at its prize...
If you are looking for a performance centric laptop with better battery life... Go for it...
Although it has 6GB of rtx 3050 graphic card... Which is useful in gaming and editing.

Battery life is great.. Easy 3 to 4 hour + ... SOT
speakers are loud and clear...
Display also very good....

I just have one issue... They don't give the option for turn off the graphic card while normal use in their control center app.....

I have to off it's graphic card...
READ MORE"
4,It's good but no option with phone hotspot
4,"Performance, display is very good and battery backup is about 4-5 hours and speaker at high volume having poor voice."
4,"I used the product for 7 days. My personal experience with the laptop is overall fine. It has a beautiful and immersive display with 100% SRGB and you can actually feel the difference. Secondly, it has good sound clarity and the backlit is also good to use in a dark environment. Thirdly, the boot speed is good but you need to tweak some settings like disabling startup apps and unnecessary services to make it even better. Fourthly, Build quality is good, don't have any idea whether it's metal ...
READ MORE"
4,"Nice laptop, powerful processor,
Battery could have been better but overall value for money"
4,"Good laptop i like the design and weight i am impressed 👌 😎 😉 👍 😌
I think this is value for money"
4,"fully underatted laptop, i'm using this laptop since last year may i was very nice laptop worth for this price"
4,Battery draining very fast
4,Great build quality and display.
4,"Extremely happy with the product, price and the delivery by Flipkart."
4,"The product is good, slightly hit when using videos, editing"
4,"Nice laptop design was nice, it's really worth it to buy"
4,Owesome product for this price range. Superb display compared to previous pavilion model.
4,Overall good product.. good performance... Liked it
4,Best in this price range
4,Great product using for 1 week
4,"After 7 days of use I am posting these pics and this review, I have noticed some points like , it has no charging indicator and because of the 210 Watt charger it didn't charge with the help of the inverter ( when there is no electricity) . Performance wise it's good for any guy who's buying it for daily work or light gaming . Accessories are also good 👍 .I found the back light bar a little unfixed but that's not a very big issue."
4,"Acer Aspire 3 A324-45 Review

Pros:
1)Windows 11 pre installed
2)Can play 4k video
3)Battery backup decent
4)Can play Microsoft Store casual games
5)Value for money

Cons:
1)Screen size of 14 inches feels very small.15.6 inches is the perfect size for laptop.In modern laptops,the bezels are very less and therefore 14 inch laptop feels very small and tiny.15.6 inches laptop is perfect size.
2)No MS Office provided
3)Heating Problem
4)Charger speed slow
5)Camera quality poor
6)Keyboard button...
READ MORE"
4,"Product is very good,but battery backup is around 4-5 hours in efficiency mode."
4,Good performance and features 👍
4,Super
4,Very good product! Osm quality
4,"Pros:
Display clarity is excellent
Keyboard and big touchpad
Battery backup more than 6 hrs for normal use
Build quality - its plastic but strong
Ryzen processor is superb
Fingerprint reader is fast
Office 2021
Lots of disk space available without unnecessary recovery tools
Responsive customer care
Can charge laptop via USC-C port (upto 65W) - big plus
Dedicated keys for home, pgup, pgdn, end (very handy for developers)
Looks professional but not Wow-ish

Cons:
Battery charging limit is not...
READ MORE"
4,"I used nearly one month, overal laptop is good, but one or two times it's automatically restarted during work"
4,Overall good but fan sound somewhat high
4,Low price good quality.
4,"Nice laptop with a good display, the speaker is a little bit less loud overall value for money."
4,Very good 👍.
4,Overall good product.
4,Good p
4,"Value for money good product..
Timely delivered"
4,"The product quality is consistently outstanding,I like this product and highly recommend"
4,Very good purchase at this price
4,"Display has some bleeding issue if you put dark screen, it becomes visible. Moreover it isn't a deal breaker as it has a very good build quality, anti grare full hd display with 100srgb colour gamut which works perfectly fine for most of the daily tasks(still not meant for colour intensive work due to low pixel density), 16gb lpddr4 ram( though most of the new versions are offering lpddr4x or even lpddr5) and high speed m.2 ssd . It's an overally great budget laptop exept battery it's battery...
READ MORE"
4,Go for it....
4,Everything is nice about this laptop. The only thing that I wanted was the backlit feature. They should have offered it as it is very convenient.
4,"Best for student.
Smooth performance."
4,Nice work
4,"Ya overall the product is so good. Performance, design, battery.... And an issue i found is heating,Whn we use continues for a while. But apart from that its a good item.. I loved it."
4,"At a price point of 34790 this is one of the best value for money laptop you can buy! However the laptop is useful to those depending on their purpose.
There are lot of people have said their opinions about this laptop in the review/comment section, however no one mentioned some important small factor that means a lot for few people and i'm gonna talk about the pros and cons about it!

First who is this laptop for? : Useful especially for Work from home and its definitely not child proof if ...
READ MORE"
4,Good Product bt camera quality is very bad
4,"It's a very good product, but, size little smaller"
4,Product recieved perfectly. Display is good. Perfomance I felt a bit lag initially but after some updates it's fine. The only problem I felt till now (1week) is battery. I am getting a 3.5 hrs battery backup. The rest is good.
4,Good option if your student 👍🏻. Working properly and running smooth .
4,"Nice product, at this price ,
Battery almost 4 hours, charging 1.5 hours fast charging, Performance overall good"
4,"Bought is this month
Works smoothly and fast till now.
Display is too good and so is the sound quality"
4,Smoth and fast working nice laptop 😊👌
4,4star
4,Nice product.but battery backup is only 2.5 hours..But overall is good.
4,Happy 😁 to
4,The first thing this is a very fast laptop ryzen 3 very fast laptop boot in just 3 second and shut down also in 3 second Design is awesome a bit heavy. if you have 35000 budget then go for it. It's is best for coders only con it's storage capacity but it have ssd very fast I have downloaded intellij idea community for coding it loads in just one and half second
4,Overall every thing is excellent but there is heating issue.
4,Everything is good except battery backup.
4,Product valuable...
4,"Excellent product, guys don't think go for it"
4,"Purchased in diwali sale 2024, overall good product, will be reviewed after 1 month us"
4,The latop has been working fine..Though absence of fingerprint sensor is a drawback. Otherwise the laptop seems working well
4,Nice leptop thank you Flipkart
4,The number pad lock button is hard and works inconsistently
4,Overall this laptop is good but battery backup is not up to the mark.
4,Gud prdct
4,Its been a month since i am using this amazing stuff. Great performance keys are very soft. Battery backup is great. Just one issue fan is on below side so sometimes its very difficult for ventilation.
4,Good under 23K
4,Superb budget laptop 💻
4,I think this is the best laptop under 35k with ryzen 3 7000series With good performance. Hope in future I will not face any problem with this products.
4,Got product as new condition and excellent but i do not know what ll be there after 1 month use . Lets see . For now i am happy 😊
4,Nice product. But they haven't provided any warranty card .
4,"1. Looks 3.5
2. Keyboard 3
3. Touch pad 4
4. Battery 5
5.Display 4.5
6. Functioning 4.5
7. Built Quality 4.5

Pros : Display, SSD, RAM, Built Quilaty, Free Ms Office, Battery backup easily 7 to 8 Hours

Cons : Keyboard, Looks"
4,Just buy it... add Additional HDD or memory and don't think too much...i have already wasted so much time to come on this choice...You will be happy to work with this laptop...
4,"Received today...worked for 2 hrs n cursor hanged....then The problem is the audio. .it cracks in between if used for continuous...button is bit loose i mean touch pad

.after 3days of use
No cracking any more no cursor prob yes button is a bit loose

Overall good budget laptop"
4,"Everything is good ,only 🔊 problem Speed is super , display good build quality good,"
4,All good 👍
4,Value of money 💰
4,Nice pic
4,"Good according to price 😌
You can definitely purchase"
4,It's a Very good laptop
4,Over all good product
4,Great performance
4,nice laptop
4,"Good one
Its satisfied my expectations
Build quality is good
Camera quality is just ok not too good"
4,It was a great product.Best laptop for students.
4,"I will by this laptop 32417 rs is value for money laptop. But this build quality is good but not great.
This laptop battery backup is Normal like 4 hours and heavy used 2 Hours so improve in battery backup . Laptop is fast from the SSD and 8gb ram so performance is best in the laptop. Heat issue in this laptop and heat cooling driver is not present, then laptop is heated. Display is good and great also but there edges slightly weak. But this price laptop is best. Laptop use in the care. No pr...
READ MORE"
4,"Overall good 👍, except display and front camera resolution"
4,"Laptop's work is awesome👍👏😊 but its design is old
And it's colour is not so good and price is okay so, I'll suggest you to buy this laptop
This laptop is for student👩‍🎓 not for engineers"
4,"Very good laptop under this price, performance & sound quality is good."
4,No Led backlit key board otherwise ok
4,"I have used it for 1 month and the laptop is just awsome. Performance wise it is amazing. Best for learning and office puposes. Not a gaming laptop but still it can serve the purpose of gaming.

The SSD and 8GB RAM with Ryzon 3 processor is super cool configuration and the performance is so good.


The only negetive I felt was that the body is very delicate. The Keyboard is so delicate. It is better to use an external keyboard so that the keyboard wont be damaged. Dell could have improved th...
READ MORE"
4,"Build quality, performance n bettry are all good
Only problome is with the speaker
Left side speaker sounds cracking"
4,"Almost every is good
Good battery backup
Good display
No lagging & hanging issue
But there is no keyboard light
No warranty card, sometime face noise issue.
Late delivered tome"
4,every thing is ok but bad quality of battery
4,"Good for internet surfing. Not for heavy Tasking.
Battery backup 4 to 5 hours on normal use.
I am giving 4 ⭐
Buy laptop if you want an actual computer feelings."
4,very nice
4,"I have been using this last 10 days,
My Experience was
Sound Loud and clear
Display is good
Best thing is processor very powerful, you can do daily use work smoothly, and play normal games.
I also find some problems
Keyboard button and touch paid feel very poor or plastic, and using touch paid button is difficult,
If you are searching primium feel laptop you should not buy it.
And Last If you are student searching for a laptop for study purpose go for it ... If you find it approx 27k or bel...
READ MORE"
4,Very good product at this low budget 💯
4,Very Good
4,"Product is good, sound is very average, battery is fine, can be a good option in i3 models"
4,Very good deal . Got it with exchange of old laptop and performance is super
4,"Good option under 35k. Performance is best as because of 8gb ram and ssd. Boot up fast, overall performance is good. Sound clarity is bit on lower side . System heat up fast"
4,"It's working good so for good battery backup, Sounds quality good but not much loudly.. Overall good laptop with nice performance ..no major problem found till yet using since one week.."
4,"The laptop looks gorgeous and has many great features. But the thing I don't like the most is the air vents are behind and not on the sides, so this makes the bottom right of the screen heat up. This is a bit concerning but I hope the designers foresaw this already."
4,I think it is a good option for students for studying purpose and some entertainment purpose too.....
4,For this price...ok...gor for it
4,"NYC product value of money 🤑💰
Thnx for Flipkart"
4,The product is simply awesome.... though touchpad feedback may be better
4,"Good value for money. Performance is quite good, no lag, it wakes up in a second. Keyboard should have been better."
4,Got this at 30k overall nice product but display and speaker disappoints a little but overall happy with the p
4,Its good
4,"The product is the best option for smooth basic use and it comes with Microsoft office package.

The biggest negative is its display as it doesn't have the quality to match with the price and it reduces the comfort of usage."
4,Display is not good otherthan overall is good
4,All good but battery is drained very fast only 2.30 hours run
4,"Very nice laptop ... 👍👍👌
lenovo is best laptop... 👍👌👌👌"
4,Price point of view this product is value for money
4,This cromebook is aswom looking wise value for money but....too many data consumption 😕
4,Overall a good project...if you are a student or wanna do simple office work ..so this will suitable for you
4,Need to Improve Battery Life and Display Quality
4,Great budget laptop
4,Best hai
4,Nice 👍 👍👍
4,Just received product as per the specifications. Need to check the performance in upcoming days. How it fits for development
4,Touchpad now working after a year
4,"As of now,,it is great"
4,Very good product by Lenovo. You can easily run any progress on visual studio and also ssms . And running very smoothly.
4,Nice laptop with mentioned specifications. However finger print reader is not there.
4,Nice Asus laptop thank you
4,Good works fine ! Id you are a student you can go for it
4,"2 things I don't like in this laptop i.e air vents are pointing towards the screen. So the right bottom side of the screen is getting hot.

The screen refresh rate is just 60 Hz. Which should at least 90 HZ."
4,One of the excellent product
4,Good product from Lenovo. It's a nice day to day task laptop. Good for students.
4,"Good laptop for medium uses,uper side show very cheap quality,but running good,charger design, colour best then laptop,"
4,Happy with the product.☺️
4,At this price point you can consider. Built quality and design are impressive overall I'm happy with it.
4,"Pros:
1. Build Quality:
You get quite solid build, unlike other laptops at similar price point.
2. Speakers (Loud and Clear for a laptop):
Laptops are not inherently designed to enjoy media consumption, yet it offers reasonably good loudness and the clarity is commendable.
3. Performance is impressive at this price point.:
As far as multitasking is concerned, this won't disappoint you. Suitable for office work, school/college work.

Cons:
1. Display (TN Panel)
If you're a first time buyer, yo...
READ MORE"
4,Overall very good product just a little bit concern about motherboard and battery cause it's terrible even if compared to other gaming laptops and that's it.
4,"Satisfied with the config so far, but if any one want to upgrade SSD in secondary slot, PLEASE BE AWARE that it supports only SSD with form factor 2242, NOT 2280."
4,Good laptop for students and day to day usage
4,Don't think much go for it. Expected
4,Nice 👍 product and good performance
4,Good and value for money....
4,Nice product of this price range.No more heating issues related to Amd ryzen.
4,Nice laptop but the laptop comes with less or zero warranty so first thing to do is to register your laptop on lenevo site and extend the warranty from the date of your purchase
4,"Working smoothly
Worth of money
Overall good battery backup also"
4,Nice laptop in affordable price. Performance and battery capacity is very good
4,Value for Money
4,Best gaming laptop but battery issue
4,All-over product is good
4,"The product is awesome love it . Activating fan system is awesome to cool done laptop . It make you realise that the speed of fan
The best part is they also provide bag within box"
4,Processor could be better.Sound is okayish.One of the best displays in the segment.if u're a casual user who streams all the time this one's for u.
4,Good Product ...But little lagy in office work like ms excel
4,People who wants great display and design and average performance and battery can have this
4,"Battery is bad.
Vantage, the control system of lenovo needs much modification like asus.
They should give an update of some kind of student mode in which the battery use should be most efficient for tasks which wont use much cpu or gpu. they already have a quite more, but that also doesn't extend the battery life to the extent needed.

Rest , the laptop is great.
display, keyboard, build quality. par"
4,Excellent product
4,The product is nice at this price range but 256gb ssd is not sufficient
4,"You don't need to read any other review after this one.
I'm writing this review after using 10 days.

Performance : It is very smooth very fast response time. You can performe tasks upto 10-15 tabs it will run smooth.
Built quality : It has a metal body so built quality is top notch.
Heating : There is nearly Zero heating. That means this machine will last at least 7-8 years without any problem
Speaker : Speakers are not so loud but not ver low as well. And the best part about the speaker is...
READ MORE"
4,"I have been using this laptop for 15 days..... fast laptop ....boot time is 2-3 seconds .... good for normal works .
camera is very bad like 10 years old feature phone
speaker is normal ...display good ..."
4,"Nice product, great performance when plugged in, but a small lag when on battery. Everything is good but the Flipkart packaging is bad, no padding provided just shipped in a box cover."
4,"The product is excellent.But it still hang when on
Battry ."
4,Good product quality is good. one negative is 11 th generation only. Over all is good
4,Display quality so very kamjor😀
4,Nice for this price point..... but i think performance should be much better.
4,Good in this price
4,"Highly recommended!!!
Not worry to buy."
4,Most valuable product in low price.Thank you Flipkart
4,Great display is just wow 😍
4,Build quality and screen is top notch. Performance is decent only thing that could be better was 16gigs of RAM and speaker.Overall value for money.
4,"No doubt at this price point the product is excellent. I got this at 35k.
Performance- Excellent
Design- Excellent
Display- Excellent
Battery- Average
Battery backup could be better."
4,Use for office works
4,"Display very impressive
Performance OK for multitasking
Battery nice
Value for money
Face lock camera good"
4,"Good performance, portability, and style.

## Reviewing again after 1 month

Going strong, no problems at all. Using it with Windows 11 is fine. I get around 6 to 8 hours of battery life with normal web browsing and other light tasks.

After installing Ubuntu, the battery backup reduced to 2 to 3 hours. But after installing autocpu-freq, I am getting almost the same battery backup of around 6 hours

One thing I love most about this laptop is its military-grade build quality. It is super soli...
READ MORE"
4,nice deal
4,Nice product but display and battery backup is not good
4,"Battery backup low
Display good
Perform good"
4,Display is best but it has contain flickering issues.
4,"Product is overall good, OLED display nice to watch,Nice performance and smooth but very Worst delivery(ekart logistics),I had been wait for around 10 days to get my product...."
4,"The best laptop under 41k!
Display is great, performance is pretty good and the design is awesome and stunning and the battery is unbelievable I was using my at 79% of battery before and after using it for 6hr it was at 30%"
4,"The laptop was actually good and the specs were also good, and also the price was good"
4,"Good Overall Laptop.
Battery is on lower side means does not lasts longer than 3-4 hours for normal tasks.
Other wise good Laptop.
Display is top notch!
No other issues yet.
Charging covers up for battery problem.
15 minute chagre gives 40% battery.
Good buy for Normal"
4,Very good laptop in price segment. I bought 38k
4,It is a good laptop performance is also good
4,I am very happy with this laptop there is no problem to carry it anywhere and it is very easy to operate it would have been better if it was given windows system but still android system is also very good in this laptop
4,This is value for money product for those who started learning laptop. Good for beginners n for you young kids also. Functions are more over the same as laptop.
4,"overall multi-working laptop .. but I face some issue in speaker .It is little bit low.
overall I'll give 8.5/10...
But display is best in this price range.."
4,"It's a great laptop, oled display is great, performance is fine. If you want to use photoshop or want to play games then go for other asus laptop with 16GB RAM verson and ryzen 5."
4,"This product is amazing but flipkart cancelled my order in two times for the same laptop using the card offer, finally I bought the laptop in cash on delivery. I like the product but I hate the flipkart business strategy."
4,"Great laptop 💻
Best part of this laptop is the display, it's mind-blowing 🔥5/5
Performance is very good for multitasking4/5
The battery life is good 4/5"
4,"Pros:-
1. The Screen is excellent gets really bright
2. The keyboard is backlit, which isn't common in this price.
3. Good battery life especially in this budget (51Wh)
4. Fast charging supported
5. Design is good (not build quality *see cons)
6. Every important port is there

Cons:-
1. Average speakers.
2. Build quality is not that good even after military grade certification, there are scratches all over it even after handling it delicately
3. Average performance, even 11th gen i3-1125g4 be...
READ MORE"
4,"Good product battery life 7 hours
Display quality is very good and ok for normal performance"
4,Performance is Good and Display quality is awesome.
4,"the perfect lap for designing and editing and all stuff, don't even expect hardcore games, run everything according to its speed, the only problem is the low-quality keyboard, maybe its the best value under this price range and we don't even get this many future's compare to any lap brand, it got pretty much everything, definitely recommended 16gb RAM lap B-cos there is no any extra slot for ram to place in it"
4,A good mid-range laptop from MSI. Performance is best in this price range beats Intel Core i5 12th gen.
4,"Worth for the price during big billion day
Pros
1. 16gb DDR4 Ram
2. 512 gb samsung ssd
3. Display is good
4. Backlight
5. 14inch slim and nice design
6. Offered 3 months extended warranty for giving survey while registration
7. Customer care response is quick and their service center availability is improved
8. Battery decent 4 to 5 hrs backup

Cons
1. Ms office had only 10 days validity
2. Hinge was too tight initially now better
3. If Type c charger given would be appreciated and the ...
READ MORE"
4,"Overall I will say it's worth to buy under 35 no one there in this price segment , Everything is good just battery is not up to mark 3 hrs with full charge with task that's what observed , But no compromise in Performance great using last 2 month. If any clarification ping me on ig :- beingtabrezahmad"
4,Just... buy it
4,"Display next level
Performance ok ok
Battery good
Design very good
Light weight..
Overall good in this price range"
4,"Value for money...Best Quality design ...Awasome OLED display...Sound Quality Is Good .... Blindly Order It for normal Usage Like office Work,home use and Students...."
4,Performance is good. Display is ok at this price. Awesome battery life of 5-8 hours on average and power-saving mode. One thing i am missing a lot is keyboard backlit. Its hard to type in dark room.. i use this for coding. Go for it..
4,Overall good. Heating issue. Low sound
4,"The laptop is very nice to student use and gaming

The best thing is ;

the performance is very nice
the battery is also very good as per gaming laptop it give up to 7+ hours
the very help full app is hp omen gaming hub it can mug switch

the thing to be improved is ;
the screen wobbling"
4,"Nice Laptop 😁
Speaker sound is too low
Performance is good
Display is Good
Design is Great
Best Laptop for multitasking and Gaming."
4,"Nice product
Value for money
Best for student and gaming also"
4,"I play this video at 4k but due to phone camera quality are not good, so by this video display don't judge also you listen the speaker volume
I bought this laptop at 60k so at this rate this laptop is awesome👏✊👍"
4,"Best experience, thank you flipkart"
4,Over all good 👍
4,Overall all ok 👌 but design little bit improve that's my opinion
4,superb product
4,"Nice Product
value of money"
4,Everything is Good but the display is slightly low . Other wise everything is Good 👍
4,Overall performance is good but they need to improve sound quality
4,"Very good product
Amazing performance
Powerful specification and processor
Battery could be Better but all over is go for it"
4,Value for money 👌👌
4,Wonderful product at this price. Just need bit of playstore updating and should come with inbuilt antivirus
4,This laptop was great for students 😃
4,Awesome
4,"Good performance.
Good battery life.
Display some place appeared white light
Overall 4.5/5."
4,Everything is ok.
4,Value for money ❤️
4,"In this price range this 14 inch laptop is the best choice.
Performance is really good. All internal hardware components are good and users easily use all the features. But the sound quality is low. Otherwise you use the speakers then no problem."
4,"Im reviewing after 2 months of usage. I use this laptop for my office work. This laptop is good for students, office work. I don't recommend this for gamers or video editing. Battery back up is not up to the mark but a good deal as compared to the competitors who are charging 45plus k for the same configuration.

Go for it if you are under budget
.,"
4,"Overall laptop is good. Few important points whoever is going to purchase:
1. Ram is not upgradable
2. Type-C port doesn't support display, only Data+Power (This means your type-c dock will also not work for display, you may try display link docks but they are too costly)
3. Webcam and speakers are very average.

Performance, overall design, keyboard and display are good in this price range. I bought 16GB model around 35K. Tried Fedora linux, everything worked out of the box."
4,"Good laptop for this price range , performed well for moderate usage. Battery backup is also good enough"
4,"Pros:
performance is excellent at this price range.
Its really slim and keypads are good as it is specifically designed for productivity.

Cons:
Speaker sound is low.
Web cam picture quality is poor. It looks like 240p."
4,"This is my the first laptop in my life i have purchased by my own.
Very Sleek design and value for money product in this price range. I bought it in Sale bragging the lowest price. Performance and other things are good as per this price range.

Highly recommend laptop."
4,"A very good product for someone who's low on budget and need a decent laptop for day to day tasks. I do some light editing tasks too on photoshop and illustrator, works fine, probably because mine is 16gb ram varient. Battery could've been slightly better, though it works well. Overall, Its a balanced budget laptop, atleast better than other budget laptops of established brands who don't give bigger mousepad and backlit keyboard in this price, MSI modern 14 has it."
4,"Performance wise good, but, slightly less battery life in my opinion. Apart from everything is good"
4,"It's screen is hinging slightly
While typing the screen is hingeing.
But overall it is good"
4,Display is no so good
4,value for money and software are also good ✨
4,Best laptop under 29990 but sound is ok ok blue color is better
4,"it's almost a week since i am using this laptop and i just wanted to say
Display , Speakers, performance is good
All over it's Good 👍"
4,Nice performance
4,"Best Laptop

I really like the modern series of MSI, but I rate it 4 Stars for the Modern 14 C7M. Because it has a best processor, best performance and sexy design, but in this model SSD is upgradable but RAM is non upgradable.

BTW laptop is best. I suggest to those who want to buy this model, buy 16gb variant only."
4,"Got this laptop during Diwali sale in just 32k with 16 gb ram. Display, performance, battery life and build quality are all good. Only issue which I feel in this laptop is space bar key. It works perfectly if press at the middle but when I press at corner then sometimes it doesn't work. I took it to the service centre, but as per them It's a known issue in MSI laptop and wouldn't solve even if they change the keypad. Rather than returning this laptop, I am trying to adjust by pressing little...
READ MORE"
4,worth it
4,Product is good but worst delivery experience from flipkart
4,Not bad but My suggestion please purchase Hp product. My opinion Hp is more better performance and Very Good looking. My old laptop Hp And 100% satisfied hp product.
4,Great.. battery should running more but ok.. heat more
4,"Good product in this price range. excellent performance, good looking, fast charger, display also good.
But the main problem about battery. Only 3 hrs backup in eco mode. Display pixels should be increased. Otherwise excellent laptop.😍"
4,Good Laptop Good Pri
4,Overall a good Budget Laptop in this process range with Ryzen 7 Processor.
4,Value for money and good performance
4,Overall good pur
4,"First impression is awesome, build quality is 9 out of 10 , battery performance is quite good , display is awesome ,
Pros -
1. Nice display
2. Better build quality than any other laptops in this range , even you can't differentiate macbook in build quality
3. Slim as macbook , even much slim than macbook
4. Touchpad experience is nice
5. Charger is also better than any other laptop chargers in this range

Cons-
1. You can't open up display by one finger
2. If you set-up brightness to ...
READ MORE"
4,Best in this segment...go fot it for doing your regular tasks👍
4,"Had been using this machine since the last 8 days or so and here is what I have experienced so far

DISPLAY: Probably one of the best if not the best you can best display you can get for the price. The 3:2 aspect ratio is very good for productivity like writing word documents, programming but not so good for media consumption as you see those black bars on the top and the bottom. With 2k resolution, texts look sharp, colors are punchy and blacks are quite deep for an LCD display. You also get...
READ MORE"
4,It's good for daily users but not a gaming laptop . Battery backup good charging fast design and build quality awasome light weight . Performance overall good.i loved it
4,Windows 11 updated within 1 month vrey nice very very good for online classes and for it users
4,Careful with charging adaptor
4,"I'm writing this review after 3 days of usage, everything is good but the charger heats like hell during charging , battery backup is good although.
Display and speakers are impressive not that much loud but the quality is good.
Build quality is excellent feels sturdy in hands but lack of some ports might be a downgrade for some peoples but i have no issue with this.
Boot up in 7 sec and shut down in within 2sec...so speed and performance is good.
In the last i just want to say lapto...
READ MORE"
4,"Nice laptop under 35k and nice performance in this price range , very good laptop in daily work"
4,"Display: The display exhibits decent anti-glare properties, but the color accuracy leaves something to be desired. Users accustomed to 100% sRGB devices may find text readability challenging initially.

Portability : Easy and lightweight to use.

Battery Life: The battery holds up well during idle periods, with minimal power drain. Users can expect around 4 hours of usage on Ubuntu's power-saving mode.

Sound Quality: The sound output is below average in terms of volume. External Bluetooth s...
READ MORE"
4,"Good laptop for multiprocessing tasks, battery is also good but sometimes in between it makes noise when processor load increases."
4,"Product is good considering the price. I bought at 36k including 2yrs extended warranty with ADP. It takes 1.30-2 hrs for initial setup. After the restart an error occurred. However I did a reset and now it is working fine.
Cons:
Fan running with humming sound even in low CPU/RAM usage.
The keyboard could be a little broader to utilize the full space. However, you'll soon get used to it.
I'll update after a month."
4,Product is very good but delivery of product too late and also not good response from customer care
4,"Cons:
No Microsoft office pre-installed
Sound from speakers low
No fingerprint scanner
Good:
Processor AMD Ryzen5 7530
Design is good
Battery life is good"
4,"The lap is value of money ⚡
I didn't hear MSI brand before my friend buy msi he suggested me this lap
The overall performance is ⚡⚡⚡⚡
Battery --- 5 hrs 8/10
Display ----9/10
Smooth ---- 10/10
Look ---10/10
Highly recommended for students and professionals"
4,"Display - 4.8/5
Design - 5.5/5
Performance - 4 / 5 (Cannot game)
Value for money - 5/5 ( 100%)
Only limitation is limited port availablity otherwise , it's the best laptop you can get under 43k (though shopsy)
Don't think too much , Go ahead , absolute beauty"
4,"I am very very happy with this till now...🥰😍
Realme always osam......😘😍"
4,"Value for money product
Design and built quality is awesome
It gives a premium feel
A little bit disappointment is that you can not increase the ram."
4,Very nice laptop
4,Item delivered was good. Delivery was fast and good. Thanks Flipkart
4,"Over all good product go for it👍
Display 5/5 👌
Sound 5/5👌
Performance 4.5/5👍
Build quality 4/5👍
Battery depends on use my use normal task overall 4-5 +hours backup heavy use hardly 2-3hours
Total plastic but hard materials used no dout amazing laptop use coolpad stand for better effective and sound in this price range I never see like this lap giving best sound u will love it definitely ram good 16gb used to slots upgrade upto 32gb and 512 gb ssd 1tb is good because 512 gd out of box...
READ MORE"
4,"Everything is good except the sound. Speaker sound, quality and placement is very poor. Actually speakers are placed beneath which suppressed most of the output."
4,Beware audio is too low. Everything else is too good. Still recommended. Sound in the video is playing from Bluetooth speakers from Tribit
4,product is very good but speaker is very low quality @MSI
4,Great laptop in the price range. I got it for 34k a must buy for college students. Able to run all coding softwares.
4,"Its a very good laptop in this range, I've used it for like 3-4 days only, and it is good till now, hoping it will remain good for the next few years 🤞🏿. A few issues which I encountered, are that the Speaker is having very very low sound. You will definitely be needing an external speaker or a headphone to listen properly ! Also, the MS office is only for 5 days, you'll be asked to pay 4500-7500 for the annual subscription of the MS office. Now coming to space, you'll get around 460GB SSD ...
READ MORE"
4,"after using it for couple of weeks, I am sure it is an capable laptop. l have played Apex legends in this laptop, it runs smoothly ( with moderate heat ). it is absolutely valuable for money.
i issue though sound is not loud enough. if you are using it for entertainment purposes then look for an external speaker."
4,"Nice laptop.
I purchased the 8 GB version thinking that 8 GB will be enough but it always shows utilization above 60% even if no app is running.
Recommend 16 version."
4,"Good, 👍"
4,"Upon receiving and thoroughly testing my recently acquired laptop, I was impressed by its overall performance.

However, there are several notable drawbacks that cannot be overlooked:

1. The included Microsoft Office subscription, valid for only six months, feels like a missed opportunity for a product aimed at professionals who rely heavily on productivity software.

2. During my testing, I observed that the laptop tends to heat up noticeably, even with just light browsing and multitasking...
READ MORE"
4,Everything is good about this laptop except microsoft 365 only a trail version
4,Please improve speaker quality
4,Performance tagara Battery life tagara specially the lucky one for me I recovered my laptop money in just 2months.
4,Everything is awesome....but the charging adapter become hot like lava..... photo taken during windows updating to win 11
4,"The performance of the laptop is very good.
Multitasking also work very smoothly in this and some people say that games like free fire and Battleground do not play well in it,
But it run very well when when in low graphics and its battery is 5 in 3 will give a star because the company has claimed 11 hours while its battery last in 5-6 normally use.

Build quality 5/5

Display 5/4 if the display was antiglare, it would have been very nice.

Trackpad and keyboard 5/5"
4,"product is good very nicee
built quality also good
(Backlit Keyboard Yes) it don't have back lit keyboard
rest is good"
4,"A great and cute buy.

The Only Concern is, it's getting hot soon."
4,So good
4,Awesome looks😈 but decent performance and everything speakers are great like a sound 👍
4,Sound quality is very low .. otherwise it's a very good product..working smoothly with good processor
4,Superb laptop... premium design....very fast
4,"Got my unit today. Impressed with the design and build quality.

I think it's worth spending for realme rather then any other brands who takes premium to build aluminium body.

Display is beautiful sound is amazing"
4,"design is awesome. display good, sound awesome. performance nice"
4,Over all good pr
4,"Battery last only 3 to 4 hrs if heavy use.
The rest it's ok."
4,I am a software professional pretty good at daily uses coding and attending meetings.
4,Slightly disappointed with the sound quality otherwise its the best laptop at this price range
4,"Laptop is simply good. Screen and battery life can be better. But, overall for price range of 40k this laptop is good."
4,This product is Assjumig for brand in hp
4,Nice laptop good performance
4,It’s good but heat up and hangs a bit while multitasking and during charging if touched with hand there is a small amount of Electricity transfers to body.
4,"Only battery backup is not good and this is the problem of all laptop ,not only this laptop .Battery backup is always be low in best laptop . Battery Backup is 4 hours for normal task and 3 hours for high task .

Overall everything is good . It is best laptop .I am a btech cse student .Finally go for it . It is very best laptop."
4,Nice performance and design
4,This laptop has everything to get a 5 star rating. But one of the basic things which a good laptop should have is the battery backup. My laptop is just 4 months old and it is not even lasting for 2 hours on a full recharge which is very disappointing. I am very much dissatisfied with the battery. Rest all works brilliantly.
4,"I purchased this laptop on 9 May 2023, it's performance is very well.But the battery consumption is more."
4,Just another USB port would have worked wonders
4,Good budget friendly gaming laptop
4,"This is my first laptop so I don't have so my knowledge in this field (keep in mind)
1.display is average and viewing angle is not good.
2. Performance for the price is very good but only after charger plug in.
3. Battery is not up to the mark, like 3-4 hours.
4. Design is up to mark and speakar are above average."
4,"This has a 65w tgp and the fans are too loud
CPU temps can get high , CPU performance is not stable
Acer display screen bleeding is also seen
Other than that in all other aspects quality is good"
4,Nice Product and lowest price
4,Good prudent in low budget
4,"speakers are awesome
display is good
performance is top notch
Battery backup is 2 to 3 hrs"
4,"1.This is a nice product overall the sound in very good
2. battery is avg lasts around 4-5 on avg use.
3. performace vise it's a 4.5 3050 is good but a intel processer would be better.
4. Thermals are the thing it disappointed me in the vent below the screen is not a good place to be in also it heats up the lower part of the screen which is concerning I would give the thermals a 3.
5. The screen is good mine lags a bit which I don't like and definitely don't expect but the 144hz screen is qui...
READ MORE"
4,One thing they can add in nitro sense app that user can change keyboard color. Battery backup is slightly less. Rest is fine. Under 50k it's a good choice.
4,Better then other available optio
4,"It's my first day , I'm finding it good ."
4,The design and build quality is awesome. Overall good product to buy.
4,Laptop was good but hp have a heating problem
4,Stylish design good performance but battery back up very poor. Overall very good Hp laptop. Review After one month using
4,Except battery back up all good.Value for money 💰 Good choice for WFH and Game's.Stlyish design and backlight keyboard at this price range from hp with Flipkart big billon offer is amazing 😍👌
4,"Bought this 16gb ram laptop for 27k in exchange for an old hp i3 laptop with an additional exchange bonus.

Bought this for entry level coding and it serves its purpose well.

Performance is good, never tried games.
Battery backup is around 4 hours for working and stuff.
The display quality is good.
Keyboard area is little bumpy and it presses against the screen in closed condition and you can feel the bump when pressing the keyboard surface.

Otherwise good to buy for day to day works and co...
READ MORE"
4,Nice products
4,Nice one..go for it
4,"This is a much more efficient computer than the rated price. This is a must buy walker laptop is an amazing machine.
Thanks"
4,"Very good product in this price range, value for money
Thank You Flipkart"
4,This is a mini laptop and very handy. Windows 11 is an additional advantage. Speed is quite good. It is a very good product in this price range. I am using it for some time for my presentations and it works very smoothly.
4,"Except the screen backlight bleeding everything's fine need to improve your display ACER !!
Everything's this laptop has to offer has above average experience except the display part ! Anyways good product!"
4,The screen gets darkened viewed from sides. On other aspects this is a good choice 👍
4,My best laptop hp. Thanks faipcart
4,Good as per cost
4,"Product is good
But one keyboard button is not perfect in structure it is tilted but working so I didn't replace it.
Overall best laptop and budget friendly.
Highly recommended for students"
4,Looking like a Waw...
4,Product is better to this 40k battery backup 🤙🤙🤙good but screen quality is poor finally what I am say purpose of student work is very useful to this pc
4,"1) Value for money product
2) Good model by HP, compatible and handy
3) The only thing is the battery which could have been improved, it is not running more than 3hrs
4) 400nits display which gives awesome viewing experience"
4,The battery lasts 4-5 hours only. At least 6-7 hours of battery backup. Overall product is good
4,Good lap
4,The laptop is good for daily work and multitasking but the display quality is average.
4,Overall gud👍
4,Every thing is okay but the display is a not smaller than I had expected which creates problems sometimes. Other wise it's a fine laptop at this price. I will suggest to go for 15.6 display with same configuration.
4,Nothing to complain in this laptop
4,Nice lap
4,This is best laptop for student usage.
4,The product is good
4,Overall good performance. Battery life good up to 5 hrs without any heavy work. But they shows as IPS display in details but this display is 'LED display' thats only one problem. But this display is ok.
4,All over the product is fine... except battery... don't expect the battery life.... It lasts max of 2-2.5 hours of usage(based on my usage)...... When comes to performance and specifications it's the best laptop to be bought under this price range...
4,Must Buy
4,Value for money 🥰
4,Good one..
4,"The design is good, but I ordered a black color keyboard, and it looks like light gray. Additionally, the battery backup is very low. Overall, it's good."
4,This is a performance laptop so battery backup will be less (expect 4 hours backup). overall good
4,Superb quality best loo
4,Good but it has hang problem 😞
4,Good performance 👍🏻
4,It is good one.. Beast performance
4,ashu i purchase this laptop and its is good condision
4,Everything else is pretty smooth except the battery backup...it hardly gives 3hrs after full charge....
4,"The product is very amazing indeed...only con is it's battery life backing up upto maximum 4 hrs and 720p camera is also a bit of con, rest everything is amazing and worth the price."
4,"I received the laptop in perfect condition and the packaging was also done well. when I checked the warranty it was showing as 9 months remaining. I was very disappointed with this at first but then I changed the purchased date and the warranty now shows fine and I do not have any issues with that.
I am impressed with the product. It works smooth for everyday study and office work. It has MS OFFICE too.

However the Flipkart delivery agent was very rude and was not at all cooperative and he a...
READ MORE"
4,"I use this laptop about 15 days before giving review
This laptop display, charging speed , battery backup , display ,build quality, touchpaid
Is very good at this price point
But some cons like speaker sound as like budget smartphone camera quality .
No heating issue face and processor is enough fast to do daily life task
Help point if you check warrenty and do not found warrenty cover so you can correct by call customer support of Lenovo
If you buy laptop for only entertainment so check a...
READ MORE"
4,Nice product. Thank you flipkart...
4,"It's great to get a laptop so cheap in this market.
Really great and perform well with ryzen 3 as well."
4,Overall a good budget laptop 👍
4,I think this was one of the best budget laptop where you can do all type of small and big work for business purpose as well as for students
4,It's awesome and value for money
4,good value for money
4,"Bought it for 46.5k in sale(card offer included). Got good design, performance,display the only parts it lags in is the battery backup 2 hours to 3hours that's a issue otherwise the best in the price range if you go for HP."
4,fantastic laptop for everything but weight is above 2 kg
4,To good performance
4,Good laptop for good quality and pr
4,Awesome Laptop for home purpose and office work
4,Performance is good but drain fast
4,"Charging time to late
No fast charges"
4,great laptop in this price segment
4,"Everything is better
But battery backup is poor"
4,"Product is nice and also battery backup is good when you use it at eco mode it standbys around 2.5-3hr in eco mode
Design is very fantastic
You can surely go for it"
4,"Got this beast for 50k in sale and tbh it's totally worth buying, though it have low battery issue but it's okay because the gaming laptops gives performance on charging.."
4,Its been phenomenal laptop for the students who have just begun their academic journey with computer. Just about perfect for the beginners!!!
4,"Good product ,nice performance value for money's..thanks to walker team"
4,"Performance is good enough(4.5)
battery is really disappointing(3)in Normal use i get around 2hr
display is good(4)
Camara is ok ok(3.5)"
4,"worth to get and select as my very first laptop 💻😄
soon to let you know more about the performance."
4,"Value For money Product....❤️

Pros:

Good Design
Fingerprint
Full Size Keyboard
i3 12th Generation performance is top notch
SSD Speed is Great


Cons:

Below Average Display ( Viewing Angles are Bad)
Sound is Not Too much loud (Speakers are bottom firing)
No Backlit
Battery Backup Average


Overall a All Rounder Package
Satisfied ❤️"
4,"Nice product value for money
Battery is only 4 hrs but it's performance good."
4,"Best pc for architect work👍
Value for money 💰
Battery backup 2 hour maximum 😔"
4,"Great product and amazing working as well , would have been good if , had 16gb ram at this price but still its"
4,Best in Performance and value for money. But need to improve build quality.
4,This product so value for money and good conditions so guys price and laptop okay good 👍
4,best in this rate!
4,Product is best at this price segment. Value for money. Made in india product. They need to add a cpu fan and heat sink to reduce heat or they implement any new technology to reduce heat. Otherwise performance is ok.
4,Very nice 👍
4,"Little sluggish with some software related problems and screen quality and battery capacity was low
But for a gaming laptop it's worth the price for 49k"
4,"Beast performance since the last two days I am using it. I purchased it for 46.5 k on the bdd offer.

The battery is poor, need to improve otherwise best product in the market. Battery is draining very fast."
4,Great product at this price.
4,"If anyone is looking for decent laptop I suggest you to go for it. Genuine review.
You can do all office work/Student work.
Light gaming is also possible but don't expect much.
You can play emulator games those work well...
Overall Good product if u have budget of 40k.
Thanks flipkart!"
4,All good in this price but display not good
4,Overall product is good except display
4,Best of students and coders
4,Value for money laptop at sale price but poor battery life it lasts 1-1.5 hrs only
4,Good product and performance good
4,Considering the price the laptop gives more than we spent on it . Overall everything is good in this laptop
4,Display good smooth operation too heavy quality descent
4,Good laptop by HP. Only heated too much similar as braiin mood of HP employee.
4,"Value for money, it can run forza horizon 5 smoothly on medium setting, im gonna upgrade the ram to play on high setting, overall performance is also good but the battery performance is a bit low"
4,Everything is good 😊👍 keyboard quality is average and battery backup is also average
4,Best Gaming laptop
4,If you need good quality web cam then don't buy it otherwise all are good
4,Nice 👍👍👍
4,"Good product in this budget range, only some minor issues that I would like to point out.
No port for HDMI cable so cannot connect directly to tv need to buy seperate cord for that.
Cannot transfer data from laptop to Chromebook using type c slot with USB cable.
Cannot install any modded applications easily unlike Android phones.
Product is sturdy and has rich finish, very useful for students from high school to bachelor's students but not for engineering students."
4,Worth it buy
4,It's a good product for students with basic learning and programming.
4,Value for money but battery low 4 hars display
4,"Best laptop this price
Value for money"
4,"The laptop has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use and carry around."
4,Overall it is a good laptop if you get the best deal on it. Like under 50k
4,Veary good product I am very happy 😊
4,"Performance is very good
Battery backup is not satisfactory
Please Go for 16gb ram option only"
4,"Product is good.
Delivery got 10 days late due to diwali. Supposed to be delivered 2 days before Diwali."
4,It is good for day to day task but low battery life 2 3 hours
4,"Decent battery life. Exceptional build quality. Lacks features like USB-C charger, privacy shutter for camera, fingerprint reader, MS Office."
4,Best product under budget.
4,Very good quality but do not open power point excel etc
4,Nice product 🥳
4,"Overall Good product😄
You can Go for it👍"
4,Value for money nice
4,"I am always share my review after 6month, i am experienced that this laptop good enough for all the the type of office,basic work there is only issue in display which is not good for outdoors"
4,Overall good as it has a 12th gen processor. Battery is not up to the mark with heavy usage it gives around max 3 to 4hrs battery life. The display is average i can say. Performance is up to the mark. With discounted prices below 30k is the best option.
4,"I am purchase this laptop 25.5 k
Display light yellow colour
Battery 3-4 hr
Performance good
Charging adaptor 45w
Overall good from this price range
I am happy 😊"
4,Call good display not good
4,"The chrome book is very good
I'm happy with this product
And i want to say that if you're a student and you buy it for normal use like watching movies for using chrome for such activities it is a very good product and a good option. It is just like a mobile phone."
4,"The product is all good at this price, but the only thing is that the speaker quality is very very bad."
4,Except sound... everything is fine..... performance is great...4seconds Boot up time.... display is good in this budget.... build quality is great.... overall good laptop in 29-30k budget.
4,"Working- good
Display- good
Battery- perfect
Performance- Fast"
4,"Laptop is very good speed is good fingerprint is very fast
Display is not good
I miss backlight keyboard
Charging is very fast with 45W charger but the charger is very big some time it disappoint me
Overall laptop is good in this price range 👍☺️"
4,"Everything ok
But display is average."
4,Satisfactory performance.
4,"Awesome and budget friendly product. Got it like I thought.. powerful cpu, Upgradable 2 slots ram and upgradable 2 slots ssd. Battery backup is only 3 hours but supports fast charging. Aura support keyboard. 03 in nos 3.2 USB and 01 in no thunderbolt support type a USB. Only thing is that the bezel of the monitor is large on the bottom side of the monitor."
4,"All are good
But delivery is delayed Please Flipkart support to your customer"
4,Nice but battery low
4,Very nice everything is good value for money
4,Very
4,"Everything is good but screen is not that much good, but according to money it is good"
4,Good only for study purpose
4,"MSI 14 inch Laptop
1.Good Display compared to other laptop
2.Battery Backup is good up to 4.5Hrs
3.Less Weight
4.Very Nice Keyboard
5.Build Quality is Awesome
Cons
1.Design looks Older"
4,Good for coding.
4,"Got this for 36990 during sale 😁
* great value for money product 👍🏻
* good for casual gaming and editing 1080p videos without any lags.
* no lag while performing daily tasks.
* handels basic stuff with ease.

cons :
* speakers not loud enough.
* non expandable ram."
4,🙂👍 nice hfffgh
4,"Its been 5to 7 days using this laptop .first of all the designs of the laptop are fabulous and talking about the performance I have 8 gb version its performance is good ,i haven't tested any game or something in it but i can say that its performance is of top notch because of the processor i5 11 gen 11200h ,now the very dissappointing point of this laptop is its battery backup its very less ,it only gives a backup of 1 to 1.5 hour which is ok as compared to gaming laptop .at last I would say ...
READ MORE"
4,Good laptop will great specs..All the daily tasks are well executed ..
4,"Good for middle end games.
Overall decent laptop under 50k for the specs it has."
4,Good looking and big display. Sound is very low battery 2 hours backup.. okk.. value for money
4,Better than you can get at this rate
4,"The device performs well for the price tag when plugged in but on battery it is very laggy, like perform at 30% compared to plugged in"
4,This product is so good. This is the best gaming laptop in midrange
4,"Good product for daily use. it's not for heavy task but I've 16gb variant, so I able to do multitasking.. it's so interesting.
Pros
1. Asus company best company
2. Backlight keyboard awasome,it's divided in 4 stage of brightness.
3. Keyboard feedback just like wow
4. Screen is also good with a high resolution.
5. Asus app which have some extra features of laptop.
6. Super build quality. There is no any compromise in build quality.
7. Sound is also good.
Cons
1. Avarage battery life about to...
READ MORE"
4,Nice but screen quality is low
4,When I bought laptop that time I had multiple issues with it but now all these issues are resolved by company. Helpful service! This one is best laptop for my project work. Thankyou!
4,"Great Product ! Only issue is battery backup, after 1 hour of full charging it provides battery backup of only 3 hours"
4,Value for mone
4,I got it under 29k for that price it is steller but the display is little bit low in terms of brightness and colors and speakers are also decent otherwise rest are best
4,The display quality of the product is better than Arfan but it costs a little more money
4,Good design and comfortable in all Angel.. best to all purpose
4,Really liked the product! But battery life isn't really good
4,It's good for students 👍
4,Worth for money. It is faster my old laptop 💫
4,Nice laptop for this price
4,After 2 days of performance this laptop is very nice at this price and new launch window 11 is very nice but new new things
4,Looks ok
4,"Value for money , light weight if you have to work for small period of time then go with it"
4,Product is Good
4,"Speakers are good than hp . display ok ok hai
Performance is good and if saver mode on then battery backup 4 to 5 hours."
4,Product is ok average and money value is also ok average price but l little unsatisfied for display quality
4,Value for money...
4,This is ok
4,Budget friendly
4,"Nice Performance...👌🏻
F17....16/512GB varient"
4,"Sound quality is very low. Heating issue if use use laptop in bed use in table is good battery is not good maximum 2 hour in online uses. Performance is good looking is also good.
Overall go for it."
4,"I don't understand why the GPU doesn't go above 55watts of tgp in any game and the main reason why I went for this laptop was 70tgp but still as I earlier had a Acer laptop and didn't want to regret again so went for it overall good performance design display adaptive sync everything appreciated speaker Asus software support but one thing I regret is could have went for Acer with 12 gen 8 core CPU 16gb ram but had seen its gaming review fps were trash so not so sad really the only complain wi...
READ MORE"
4,Good performance and satisfactory a bit disappointment regarding the battery back up
4,Overall decent product if u are getting this product under 50k u can consider in your list
4,"Its very nice laptop. But speaker sound is bit low, value for money. For students use is best 👍"
4,Okay good laptop
4,Looking vice not so good but for this price it is good.
4,Awsm laptop at this price rate
4,Nice product..
4,"The performance is superb as expected for this price segment
Anti glare display is fantastic with thin bezel
Has backlit keyboard
Battery backup is good
Occasional gaming can be done"
4,Good laptop for all types of work but i facheating problem
4,It is awesome. I can recommend this . Built wise and design is outstanding .
4,All good but battery not for value of money
4,"Good quality, value for money"
4,"I've been using the Asus F15 for gaming for a while now, and it's been a solid performer. The performance is top-notch, handling all my favorite games smoothly. The build quality feels sturdy, and the design is sleek. The display is crisp and vibrant, making gaming even more immersive. The only downside is that the battery life could be better, but overall, it's a great gaming laptop for the price"
4,"Laptop is too good in this budget ❤️
But the battery drains very fast even though I'm using this laptop on battery saver and backlit off.☹️"
4,Nice laptop at this price. Satisfied.. You can buy it without any hesitations.
4,Wonderful design
4,"Reviewing After 2 days of Use....Built Qulaity Is Good,Display Is Average,Battery Performance Upto 5hours

Overall Good In This Price"
4,"Nice performance .Nice design .Good battery.
Average display.Backlit display missing."
4,Overall good but it's lagging sometimes.
4,Good laptop for your personal work and study stuff not for hard core users
4,Love the product in this price performance
4,Good product from good brand
4,"Good Laptop with metal body feeling better
Nice experience"
4,"this product is really awesome 👌 👏
Best laptop for this price 👌 🙌"
4,"I got it 32k, it's really nice in this price tag. Overall good."
4,I liked the laptop
4,"Just go for it

From display to proccessor everything is top class
Comes with 8gb Integrated graphics

What do you want more

Really great at this price point

Display Really amazing quality and Excellent experience

Battery this Really feels low gives 5 6 hrs max on medium work like normal coding etc

Speakers it also feels low and the speakers are at bottom position so sometimes sounds got low

Keyboard Really amazing quality and comes with back light and quality of the keys are also ...
READ MORE"
4,Laptop is value for money but. No microsoft office has been provided at this price range.
4,It has been almost a month since I bought this laptop. It is working well as expected and no issues until now. One of the plus point for this product is full size keyboard + backlit keyboard. Processor is good enough to run basic needs for students. I think it is one of the best choice that we have in its price range so far.
4,"Hp is my favorite
Overall Good package"
4,Every thing ok
4,Overall is good 💯
4,"Arrived yesterday looking great. Display is good, sound quality also good and as far as working smoothly but when I used it yesterday for upgradation it heated at that time not after that, battery is not that much worthy as expected and its very light weighted also that is perfect.. as I've bought this for my work purpose so it is good for professionals and for students as well. Grrat deal this from samsung you can go for it."
4,This laptop is very useful day to day life
4,I bought this laptop for my children but I also do office work on it. Which is working very well. The features are also very good. All of you should definitely buy HP laptop. This is a very respected brand.
4,Decent one
4,Best for students and normal uses.
4,Good product 👍👍
4,super
4,Overall product is good but drawback is speaker sound is not up to the mark.
4,"Overall it's good , according to the offer price"
4,"I took this laptop on July 17 now I'm giving it a rating The overall performance is good as of now till I didn't get any problem
Because I am using this laptop office purpose
Battery is averagely above 3 hours will come
The design is very good and most comfortable for carrying
Display some give bad reviews for it is okay
One drawback in this laptop is the sound quality of the surrounding areas something is disturbance in speakers and the sound is not audible properly
42000/-rupees worth V...
READ MORE"
4,"Review after a month of use-
I like the laptop. The performance, speed, and quality are all good.
The only issue I've faced is the speaker volume, it's quite low.
But other than that, I am satisfied with the purchase in this price range. This laptop has amazing specifications which are not really available at this price anywhere else.
Please note that I don't have heavy usage of it. I'm a social media manager so I only use the Microsoft office suite, some AIs, basic design tools such as Canv...
READ MORE"
4,Value for money deal
4,USB Ports are less. May have finger print sensor in the price range.
4,Looking good
4,"This is a very good laptop, one
can use it for studies and can store many files and documents in it but the battery performance is not as I expected it to be."
4,"It's been a week since I received this product This is a very good product for Office purposes.

Pros: Smooth OS
Multitasking
Ergonomic Keyboard is lovely to type.
Easy to carry
3-4 hours Battery back up
Fast charging
fast download and installing
Very compact to use

Cons: The display was fair but not good enough slightly yellowish, but since it is good for the eye it is adjustable.
But poor Sound Quality, with ...
READ MORE"
4,"Pro's
nice design, better Battery life upto 6 hours for normal use like working on MS office and 4 hours in watching videos
Con's backlit is missing at this price"
4,Value for Money at this Configuration...
4,Best laptop under 50K bought with i7 processor must go for it.... Value for money product....
4,The product is amaz
4,Perfect Laptop at this price.. Go for it..
4,Really loved the product. Just the right thing in the right budget.
4,"Value for money.
Performance is good."
4,Nice performance best laptop in this price range.
4,"Bought the 8gb ram varient at 48k
Then upgraded the ram to 24gb which
cost me 2.8k [16Gb 3200 samsung ram]
buy Samsung or crucial only For Reliability...
A ram upgarade is a must to maximize the potential of this laptop and its performance ......
Their are still some issue [like minor lag/being careful with hinge if u have seen the design... its a strong hinge but the way the have been assembled....] but it it depends on person to person on how they used .... satisfied and somewhat OK with...
READ MORE"
4,Value for money. Robust look and performs really well.
4,Good performance and product but battery 🔋 life low
4,Super value for money laptop
4,"Nice, value for money.. Performance is so smooth.Laptop with backlit in this range with good performance is awesome. Worth it👍"
4,Nice product . Seems fine as of now. 14 inch display seems to be small. The speaker is not that great but will do its part. The display is good. Keyboard is nice.
4,Good one worth it
4,NICE PRODUCT
4,"Infinix Y4 Max is a must buy in its segment. But the quality of the display is not good, apart from the display everything runs buttery smooth without any problem."
4,Lovely device
4,Nice...
4,Good Product in This Price Point
4,Perfect for student
4,Best laptop but display is not nice and also Flipkart service is garbage so go for same leptop at Amazonnn
4,Product is worth it.
4,Decent product at this price range.
4,"Decent product, heating issues will be there in i7 range (idk about i5) build quality was nice look like premium laptop."
4,Good for study
4,Performance and design are good but battery should have more backup
4,Good purchase at this price range
4,Good product I Got it in 42k in this budget it is good one.
4,"So I've been using it of close to a month now and I am really happy with the laptop
Performance is really good even with 8gb ram all the basic tasks web browsing,video streaming, coding etc
Gaming at 1080p high settings runs smoothly too games like gta5,tomb raider etc but you do have to connect adaptor if you are gaming
Design is sturdy and at par or better than most of the laptop at this range
Battery is really disappointing tho hardly 2-3 hours at basis task like web browsing at 30% bri...
READ MORE"
4,"Overall, it's a good laptop with the best performance. Just one problem is that you don't get more battery backup that is more than 1 hour."
4,Good quality product
4,"Display: good
Charging: good
Build quality: ok
Performance: ok
Overall: good."
4,Great laptop in all way
4,"Its great value for money I purchased it around 50000
Battery is around 2 in heavy uses in watching movie of 2 hours battery drop 30 to 35 percent
Some time my touchpad lags maybe after driver update it work properly
Maybe you should have to purchase cooling pads for heavy gaming
Otherwise its is very great choice no big issues there and every gaming device heats no issue and made for great high performing and its highly featured with great technologies speakers quality is excellent and i...
READ MORE"
4,"I got it at 56k and it's a value for money deal.
I gave 4⭐ because the seller don't provide window 11pro(written in intro) except that all are best"
4,Awesome 👍🏻
4,"If if ignored the overheating problem,
This is the best product at 60k
6hrs of battery + beast performance
Best for Students"
4,"writing this after 1 week of use
product is good flipkart servise to deliver is trash
screen is average
specs and performace is exellent
fan is abit load
rtx 4050 had issues in just 3rd day resolved by consumer
overall is a good product"
4,"Got this product for 32k with
replacement.
Really powerful laptop and value for money"
4,Got it for 40k which is a steal for this specs good one for initial and first gaming laptop buyers I tried valaront and fortnight handles smoothly W value for money and the display is good also
4,This is the best feeling ever when you receive the most awaited product of your life which could wrly change the way of life I have brought this product for my coding journey so just wanna shout out to the coding society and grow with MSI
4,Battery capacity was very good and performance was good.
4,"Batter is excellent
Performance is great
Core i5 and 16gb ram combination is good
Must buy"
4,I think I have made the right choice buying this.. Cool One
4,"Overall Im happy with product as I got i5 processor in this price range with 16GB, 512GB SSD and backlight keyboard.
No other brand can offer you this in this price segment so thank you Acer and Flipkart !"
4,Acer laptop quality or performance is very good
4,Great
4,"Had been using for a month, looks good and satisfactory performance with respect to specification."
4,"Overall good,I got 57k using card
Performance 4/5
Display 4/5
Battery 3/5
Value for money 4/5 (if under 58k)
Recommended for coding,autocad, gaming.
Heating issue: some games like velorant it's temperature is 85-90 but after few min its temp is decreasing and normal use there is no heating problem, overall cooling is good."
4,"Chrome OS is worst in terms of Document editing tasks as everything needs to be done online through Google Docs, Slides or Sheets... Many useful android apps are not optimised for this OS...MS Office (android version) can not be found and downloaded from the Google play store.
Overall the Chromebook is only good for multimedia consumption. Tabs are much better than these so-called Chromebooks."
4,Price is according to quality 👍🏻
4,Truly value for money. Sleek and cool design. Good battery. Display is not too good. But cool as per the price. Microsoft Office 365 from Google Play supported. Only issue is with editing a word document downloaded from doc is complex. You need to upload it in onedrive and then you can edit through Microsoft word. Good sound.
4,Everything is Perfect according to the price!! But the only problem is that the Chromebook hits a lil bit!! Overall a good Chromebook for Study Purpose like Mocks Online Studies and Multimedia Consumption !! ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ !!
4,"Best in this price,
Go for it
Good for gaming"
4,Looking so beautiful and gemming performance nice
4,I bought this laptop at 38 k but the screen is flicker next day i think it's the software issue but the performance of the product is good overall best laptop at this price range
4,All great but battery backup is low.
4,Best gaming laptop under 45
4,Good 😊
4,"Using it from last 10 days and the performance for daily tasks as well as moderate gaming is really nice. Professional design. One thing, sound is quite low but with this price range worth it."
4,Cool product
4,"Good laptop, value for money for students ☺️, sound is much low but, battary backup is good, overall good laptop 🩶🩶"
4,I am happy with this product. Good for office work. Value for money just go for it.😊
4,This is my first laptop and I am happy to purchase this
4,Value for money 💰🤑
4,"The laptop is 2 kg and thin, which can contribute to its heating issues.

The Colorful XS 22 is a solid choice for those seeking a powerful laptop at a reasonable price. Its performance is top-notch, but the heating issues could be a concern for some users. If you're willing to manage the heat, it's a great option.

Would I recommend it? Yes, with the caveat that users should be prepared to address the heating issue, perhaps by using a cooling pad or adjusting usage habits."
4,Cooling needs work maybe cooling paste issue will see after repasting overall good product
4,Comes without MS Office. Win 11 shows flawless performance on this HW. Non tech users may face thermal issues. But these can be easily fixed. Overall I'm satisfied with this purchase.
4,"Performance is good.
Battery is ok.
Terrible speakers, not for media consumption.
I use this laptop for programming which is a great deal at this price."
4,"All are good, processor speed 2ghz"
4,Product is good
4,Laptop doesn't have webcam toggle switch or physical shield . Thats a necessity in 2024.
4,Satisfied with the product
4,"Okay so of course it's performing well and all if you don't care much about moderately gaming on it but if it's gaming you prefer please go for Asus TUF F15 with 11th gen processor cause the next gen cpu isn't worth sacrificing your GPU power, this laptop has 45w TGP cited power on MSI website but this only has maximum TGP of 35w and you can't even overvolt or overclock this thing to work better, trust me as for gaming with rtx 2050 (which is not a good GPU to start with) , Asus TUF is still ...
READ MORE"
4,"The MSI Thin 15 B12UCX is a solid entry-level gaming laptop that balances performance and portability. Powered by the 12th Gen Intel Core i5-12450H, 16GB RAM, and NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2050, it handles casual gaming and moderate editing with ease, offering smooth visuals on its 144Hz display. The laptop is lightweight (1.86 kg) and slim (21.7 mm), making it easy to carry, and includes essential ports: 3 USB ports, a Type-C, HDMI, RJ45 LAN, Kensington lock, and audio jacks. Cooling is efficient, ...
READ MORE"
4,i m happy you recive this product lets sww after some time
4,Under 45000 value for money
4,"Performance of the product is great, but one major disadvantage (I didn't think much during order) is the lack of extra ssd slot, now 512 ssd is nothing as you can't install more than 2 games of size 70-80 gb. HP should have provided 1TB ssd as this laptop has no extra slot otherwise this laptop would be my perfect laptop, now i have to spend 7-8k for 1 tb ssd to replace 512gb"
4,Everything is good except the sound quality..can be a little bit louder
4,Best in price with quality
4,"Nice product in this price range. Must buy. Handy, light in weight, compact, looks cool and working smoothly."
4,Laptop is good but if they provide 512gb sad or 500hdd+256gb ssd in 37500 and back light keyboard and upper metal body then it's really owsm deal'
4,good but battery drains very fast
4,Grea
4,Too good
4,"Hi ,
It's nice product according to money Acer ChromeOS book disign and display is also very good I like this chrome book ok..

❤️❤️👍"
4,"Nice looks, nice performance and nice battery. But improvement required in battery time length."
4,It's good laptop we can run heavy application... but one thing MSI should look into the battery part rest all good we can this laptop to 64 GB RAM..
4,Play GTA V having a lot of fun
4,All good but battery drainage very fast
4,Overall good product
4,Product is good but it doesn't have ethernet connection port☹️. Rest all things are good.
4,Overall a good product u can go for it if u are a student with minimum requirement of taking classes or for normal uses and so on but not for the professional who have some heavy task .....Good for normal and Daily uses with minimum requirement.......
4,"this is my 1st laptop
all i can say is the battery backup is very low
and the display is good for long hours like studying and working
but not a choice for multimedia consumers
or simply not for those who watch movies"
4,Good one should have given original office
4,Super laptop good colity
4,"Battery drains faster than expected.

After all the discounts it's value for money in this price segment."
4,"Over all review not bad
It's worth of money 👍"
4,Good product I'm satisfied with this product. Value for money
4,Best laptop 💻 at these prize segment.
4,Nice for trading
4,"I don't like the way keys are silver and the alphabet printed are also silver, it should be better bif printed in complete black or complete white. Otherwise the laptop is amazing. Nice performance, design battery backup is also impressive. Display is just good not the best. And definitely value for money."
4,At this price point I liked this product..
4,Good machine for students .
4,Excellent performance
4,It's very nice
4,"I have been using this laptop for nearly a month now and I have to say it is a performance monster. It is a very good laptop offering smooth and very good build quality for the price range.
I have been watching reviews and was confused a lot on which one to buy as we are spending a lot of money on this. Talking about money, I got this laptop for 47k which is a complete steal of a purchase in my opinion.
So let us look at each components of the laptop in my experience:

Display:-
The display o...
READ MORE"
4,Good customer support if facing any issue can be easily connected to the customer. Battery normally. Otherwise good.
4,Good product but it is heating on the back side so the overall product is good performance is better but battery is about 5to 6 hrs
4,"Product is superb but sound is very low, not even hearable in a room with fan on"
4,Good laptop 😄 with good performance
4,Delivery me bahut time laga otherwise all performance 👍 good
4,Good quality tq for Filipkat
4,1am satisfied with the service and product
4,Outstanding performance play any triple A title games
4,"Laptop is good except battery. HP claim of 12 hr backup but I am getting hardly 6-7 hr even with very minimal usage like opening some chrome page only. Look and build quality wise laptop is very good. Initially I got faulty pen, and later HP replaced it with new pen.
Detailed review I will post after 6 month."
4,Quality laptop 💻 classic look 😍 metal body and with privacy shutter for camera 📸 worth it for money but sometimes it hangs so don't install damaging files with virus and install better antivirus protection
4,Its Good❤
4,Over all a good product
4,"Hey there I am writing this review after using for 2 weeks
1. The laptop is quick and very responsive.
2. started in 12 sec and its fingerprint is very quick
3. Display is good for working professional and for editing, watching movies etc
4. Battery backup is ok ok around 4 h.
5. Value for money. (I got this @35640)
5. I am not a Gamer and I did play any games so didn't know about gaming
6. You can do video editor easily.

Cons
Getting hot very quickly while doing normal work to..The fan is...
READ MORE"
4,EVERYTHING IS VERY GOOD SUPERB PERFORMANCE BUT BATTERY IS VERY DECENT 💀 ITS GIVES HARDLY 2-3 HRS BACKUP
4,ports placement could be better
4,Good pr
4,"Good Performance
Display 144hz
Britness Low
Gaming - Gta5 , Farlight84 Play Smooth"
4,"I have purchased this laptop,he is doing a great performance, , extremely loved it"
4,Best laptop in this budget .Performance is good but battery back up is not satisfaction only 3 hour back up when lenovo laptop provide 7-8 hour so if tou have no need to Extra time back up you should go for it.
4,"The Asus VivoBook 15 with the 11th generation Intel Core i3 processor is a reliable and efficient laptop for everyday use. The sleek and slim design is visually appealing, making it a stylish choice. The performance of the Core i3 processor is impressive, delivering smooth multitasking and responsive performance. The 15.6-inch display offers vibrant colors and sharp visuals for an immersive viewing experience. The laptop also features a decent battery life, allowing for extended usage without...
READ MORE"
4,Got this in 27k . In this budget it's a very good laptop with a good design and performance. The only con is Speakers are on a low side and battery backup is just 4-4.5 hrs but overall a good product .
4,"A valuable product in a good cost, good for those who wants to buy for professional or study purpose.thank you Lenovo!!"
4,Good working
4,"It's a good product but my only regret is that I should have gone for the 1TB variant rather than going with the 512gb....

Otherwise this is a great laptop."
4,Nice laptop over all performance good
4,"I purchased this laptop 22000, in this price this is good laptop for students because they provide ms office 2021 and you also download tally epr 9, but I think laptop is slow, this is the negative point but all over is good for study purpose not for gaming
#5-6 Hr battery backup
#good performance"
4,Amazing laptop batery backup is 5 to 6 hour and charge 100% is only take time 1 hour . charging speed is very fast . laptop work amazing .
4,Velubl for many products
4,"It's nice looking good, I used it two days, I hope it's give me a good performance..."
4,It is osm.....
4,"Overall good, battery is not so well."
4,At this price range best laptop for school and office work if it get it on 25k deffenetly a value for money product
4,Good for basic usage
4,"I ordered Asus ROG Ally Z1 Extreme on the day it was launched in India, received it the very next day and super excited about the device and its performance already tried Fifa 23, Assassins Creed Odyssey and few other games runs like a charm at Turbo performance gamepad mode at 120 Hz everything about the device is mind blowing except for the battery. Since we are paying almost 70k I expected little better battery performance mine gets drained within an hour of gaming at turbo settings. I als...
READ MORE"
4,I have been using from last 2 week the body panel is num
4,"Leptop so good looking, IPS display quality excellent, leptop Battery backup 3 hours, working smoothly and very fast , over all ok"
4,"Price cutting is done in motherboard and ssd (m.2) .
Or else everything thing is good .
Bios key is not that good ."
4,okay
4,Nyc laptop 🥰
4,"I did a lot of research before buying this laptop for my purposes and would like to share the same with you to make your decision easier.

The key features because of which I bought the laptop are:
1. Latest Windows 11 Software
2. 512 MB SSD / 8 GB RAM
3. 15.6 inch FHD screen (would have been better with IPS display, but I was ok to compromise on this in favor of other features)
4. Lifetime free Microsoft Office (no need to purchase separately)
5. Backlit keyboard
6. Tactile and smooth keys w...
READ MORE"
4,"This is a performance beast, excelling in handling heavy tasks effortlessly. Its powerful performance makes multitasking and demanding applications a breeze. The display stands out with vibrant colors, sharp details, and excellent clarity, providing an immersive visual experience for various tasks.However, the camera's quality disappoints, serving adequately for basic video calls but lacking compared to the laptop's overall excellence. The speakers offer decent audio quality suitable for ever...
READ MORE"
4,Mahto
4,laptop good quality but over hite problem
4,That's nyc to frndly budget
4,Nice laptop in this budget..
4,Working speed is good looks is best
4,superb quality and performance no problem till now worth every penny.
4,Superb performance and good laptop.
4,"Hardware wise this is perfect (except battery life)
Software needs a lot of work, so far it might lag, hang or become unresponsive from time to time, but once you boot up your game then the experience is truly amazing.

I hope Asus takes note of this and makes a better console like experience with their software."
4,"The Rog Ally is a capable device and is among the top 2 handheld consoles in the market right now. A good purchase for any gaming enthusiast.

Battery life could have been better and some keys should have been of better quality especially the sticks."
4,"This is an amazing product but you have to understand that this is a Gen 1 product and has its own set of flaws. There are rumours about the SD Card malfunctioning. I haven't tried the SD card out yet but the fact that this issue exists is a big blot on the system itself.

There are several pros for the device. It has enough computing power to provide decent FPS gaming on more recent titles. The fans are fine and the device does run slightly hot.

One thing to note here is that the device i...
READ MORE"
4,"1) Finished the epilogue of HADES. (Amazing performance @ 10 watts)
2) Playing Overwatch every other day. (Amazing performance @ 18 watts)
3) Playing EVIL WEST currently. (Amazing performance @ 18 watts - 720 P - RIS ON - 120 Hz)
I start all games with 80% charge to save long term battery life.

The only CON is battery performance. It's not bad. It actually performs well keeping in mind that we are playing AAA games on it. I just wish that the battery life was better. Like I'm able to play ...
READ MORE"
4,"good product or first class packaging laptop
value for money."
4,Nice gaming pc but battery is the biggest issue. Brand new and still battery holds for max 1 hour with peak performance
4,Battery drain fast 😔
4,Overall product is good one drawback battery drain fast.
4,"Everything is ok as of now ,
It's good"
4,This laptop is so good if bought around 50k I am purchase this laptop 47k such a this bugget good product but windows installation date is jully whenever I bought this product in October so we aware go to offline
4,A good configuration but poor display quality and design
4,Best laptop in at this price range.
4,"A fabulous laptop for 100k , didn't disappoint in any aspects but yeah battery drainage can be a major issue sometimes and thermals are just okay not too great, overall its worth to buy in this price segment"
4,"Product is good received it from indimart seller product was fully sealed packed

Battery backup is upto 3 to 4 hours continue usage

Laptop handled most of the triple A game quiet good"
4,Great product
4,"It's a value for money deal at 95k with latest gen CPU, GPU and RAM.
Performance is on par with expectations and thermals are really good. Display is good enough, qwhd would have been better. Fans make a lot of noise but that's the price one has pay for seamless gaming on a laptop. Battery is good too. If only weight was a little less or it had more of metal frame the build quality would have felt nicer, right now it feels a bit bulky but not strong enough due to plastic body.
I'm just nit p...
READ MORE"
4,"Having used this laptop for three weeks now, I'm compelled to share my experience. Coming from an ASUS ROG ZEPHYRUS G14 with R7 4800HS and GTX 1650ti, I've observed a few notable points:

1. Visual Appeal: The laptop looks better in person than it does in pictures.

2. Stunning Display: The display is vibrant, responsive, and exhibits vivid colors.
***there's a slight IPS glow in darker scenes, it's almost unnoticeable in regular use.***

3. Keyboard: The keyboard provide great typing expe...
READ MORE"
4,"I Loved windows handheld gaming as I'm myself a rpg rts gamer and own lot of pc and steam games. I need to upgrade hdd to 2 tb to carry all games in one device. Rest get a 4k hdmi cable, a usb c dock with hdmi 60 hz, power delivery usb c port. Bluetooth mouse and keyboard and it becomes a gaming cpu with your tv or monitor as real as desktop pc. Its a device for people who are more into gadgets and understand being crazy about technology. Its not for non gamers or who don't understand complex...
READ MORE"
4,"Does what it says. A complete Handheld Windows PC. It would have been better if they added a kickstand at the back for when we add keyboard and mouse. Adding a Trackpad would have been really helpful. Battery is very bad. Bought it for 51.5k on some offers. For that price im satisfied. But needs a lot of accesories like tv Dock and cable, protection case, tempered glass protection.

Update -

Bought it after a long dilemma between Rog ally and Legion go. But due to non availability of Legion...
READ MORE"
4,"This is the best value for money ❤️
Nice design and full performance I like it"
4,"Product is justifiable for its value for money. A decent product long lasting for normal use. Someone can start with this, if learning and 1st of use kind of product."
4,Best Laptop ..
4,Great Laptop. Value for money
4,Good product😍
4,"Its been 3 days since I bought this laptop (for price of 48k) .Its is best for this range of price .
Overall 4.5 ⭐ performance, design, display.
Only issue is battery life not that great but justified for a gaming laptop and heating issues ."
4,"Value for money under 50k
To get battery performance use battery optimize options!!"
4,"Stylish design, faster touch better in every perspect but heating is unnecessary,
It get heated with first minute of starting without any performance, in simple video playing offline or online."
4,worth itttttttt
4,Sold my Steam Deck 256 GB to buy this. Don't regret it.
4,"Pros:
It has made imagine to reality. Earlier it was just a think . Can we play pc games(AAA) while playing on bed or while travelling while sleeping this has got all of it. 16gb ram amd processor runs game like charm . Tried cricket 22, gta 5,forza horizon 5 , Harry potter. Every AAA games run superb. Only last of us require charger to play. So overall a good product with its auora sync lights make it a beast. Its updates such like gyro and great ui for the users has given users a great exp...
READ MORE"
4,"Performance wise it's a great machine. Tough competition between steam deck and rog ally. I bought this coz it's Indian unit and 1 year warranty it covers. But we paid price for it. Not much accessories available in market. Screen is good, bright. GPU and CPU is powerful enough. No screen guard given. Connect your Bluetooth keyboard and mouse and it converts into powerful pc. U can do even video editing thanks to its processor and 16gig of Ram.
Now about cons....... Battery backup is almost ...
READ MORE"
4,"Everything is perfect,except battery"
4,"Required Good packaging ☹️.
Laptop was good 😊"
4,"I bought it in 50k 8gb varient . Very good laptop in this price range. Battery backup is 3.5 hours in normal task like web bowsing, video playing , this laptop doesn't have I GPU."
4,Battery drain really fast
4,leptop is fine value for money battery backup is very low but fine happy to purchase this leptop
4,Good Deal
4,Worth for the price
4,Nice laptop 💻😁
4,"The laptop is great at this price but the only thing I noticed is that you have to plug it in to achieve its full potential otherwise it lags a bit.
Battery backup is too low even on normal uses...
Overall good at this price"
4,Good for gaming but it's battery 🔋 is drained too quickly when we do our regular tasks
4,"Good Product
Performance Good
Design Good
10/10"
4,"Product is value for money.performance is good
Screen quality also good. Nice design but built quality is average, it should be more better, battry back-up is around 3-4 hrs after full charge ."
4,Gjb Quality ❤️
4,"Value for money display quality and performance are amazing, overall performance is so good but battery backup is very poor around 2-3 hour"
4,"Good design
Good quality
Good keypad
Good touch pad
Poor display quality with good brightness
Not a gaming laptop
Good for official work"
4,"Everything is awesome in case of performance and speakers , multitasking.
Pros:
It can run multi windows four heavy applications at a time .
It is very good students and multitasking.
The speakers are good and high enough to listen
Cons:
The battery backup is medium about multimedia other cases like coding and editing it gives good battery backup.
The main disadvantage is the screen it is LCD looking like not so good.
It has only 2gb amd Radeon graphics so you can't play heavy games and some...
READ MORE"
4,Nice one
4,"Nice laptop at 50K , good performance, but finger print is not available."
4,"Giving this review after using for 7days:

*Slik design
*Decent colour
*Great performance

Cons: I am little disappointed 😞 with picture quality...U can actually see the display with certain angle..."
4,Very good product and awesome and perfect quality and performance is the best
4,"I got my laptop delivered and this is a solid one.
Ryzen 5 does all the normal work very efficiently.
It's comes preloaded with windows 11 and Ms office 2021 with lifetime validity and one good thing is that with this laptop is that,that it comes with 2 year warranty.
Overall a good experience with this.
Build quality is 👍
Speakers are decent
Display are avg not like ips but it's normal you can manage it
Overall value for money product"
4,Working good
4,Volume is very very low compare to all other laptops
4,Product is good and the battery is only for 2.5 to 3 hrs and performance is good design good.And thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery 🚚
4,It's been a week now that i bought this laptop from Flipkart and I've been playing God of war and Farcry 6 it's amazing so smooth best gaming under 50k
4,Is good laptop in rate
4,Good ...does the job👍👍👍👍
4,Very good product . But the battery is draining very fast
4,For an average person it's good
4,"Value for money.
Battery time 3 hours"
4,Best laptop ....
4,Performance is good display is also good.Heating issue and charge will 2 hours only
4,"Very good option with backlit keyboard, 16gb and 512 ssd along with ms office in price of 33k. Great buy, fyi it has no fingerprint reader."
4,Worth the money
4,"Performance is best in range
But display 0 star viewing angle very bad"
4,"Very Good product . I am little bit upset with Display quality , and somehow buildquality is not as good as provided by Dell or HP , but this laptop is very economical and good for students ."
4,All good but the display is very poor...if you look the display 35 degree angle it will show negetive...its very disgusting...
4,"It's worth of money
It's good for students"
4,Nice laptop performance is very good nice product by hp ssd drive is best
4,For the price the laptop is good. Only suited for office work or zoom calls and net surfing. Games wont work.
4,Super 😘😘
4,"Average screen, full plastic body, performance is okay for me."
4,"Only for students ( PDF and documents reading and online class)...not for heavy tasks like gaming, editing"
4,I am happy to review and rating this hp chrome book laptop first of all its quite good performance for day to day task in daily routine i advise to all students to buy this laptop to help your better learning interface of Google os just look like a mini MacBook and all apps are working properly I rate my review 5 out of 4.5 ❤️❤️❤️💯💯💯 thanks you Flipkart
4,"I am writing after 4 months of usage. When I brought this celeron laptop it was fast and it would start in few seconds.But after upgrading to windows 11 I feel it's slowed down, I an using windows security. For daily use it is good and easy to work with.
Pros. Good display, light weight and easy to handle.
SSD is good and fast.MS Office, Alexa

Cons. Track pad is sensitive but right click feels cheap and hard. Slow down after windows 11 update."
4,"Value for money,….best suited for beginners and students in online classes."
4,"Battery Not enough
But overall Product is good"
4,The laptop is good and surely it is a value for money deal. But you have to deal with low battery backup . But besides all you can surely go for it.
4,Awesome good for gaming 😃 and graphics designing and editing but you can plug in to use .if this little bit slow performance in plug out mode battery backup is not good but performance is really good display excellent 144hz 17inc much better than other laptop i personally rating 💯 ok you can purchase this this deal is excellent never forget 💕 this laptop this price much better than other laptops 😀 Jay shree Radhekrishna💕
4,Good work but sometime stop working otherwise this is to good zoom app is not possible In this
4,"I wanted a portable pc, I waited for its release in India i thought it might not be released in India, I bought it in the first few days of its release, I've been using it as my daily PC(for work and occasional gaming) using a USB hub, I had Bluetooth driver issue 2 times and Asus India had a good support on this device since it has an onsite warranty, I reached out to them on their site about the Bluetooth issue and they told me to soft reset it by pressing the power button for 40 seconds it...
READ MORE"
4,"Bought it at launch. Living up to my expectations and fulfilling the exact needs I bought it for.
It is absolutely not a product you need unless you want a toy or like in my case it suits your needs.
I needed something portable and my lightweight laptop wasn't as powerful, this while expensive not nearly as expensive as the laptops I was looking at while being extremely portable."
4,Good at all.
4,"Great under 60k.. If the price is more, look for other laptops. But this is nothing less than a beast. Runs all games perfectly. Just one problem, the audio quality is very poor for a laptop at 60k also the battery life is not that great."
4,"bluthooth n/connected & Heating issue but overall nice product,"
4,Good laptop in this price range.Performance is good.
4,Awesome in this price .battery life is good.this laptop best for students. 4/5
4,value of money
4,"It is good but not best
Heating problem but in this price it's okk okk
Performance best because it start in 8 to 10 seconds but delay in opening an app in 0.7 second
It is good for students because everything in android is available in it like Testbook Careerwill Physics wallah and many other platforms
When we run Chromebook without charging then heating problem reduced"
4,Best value
4,Amazing product
4,All About Avarage Performance.
4,Well you can purchase it.
4,"good product, powerful smooth machine
display is good ,, heats up very fast"
4,Good product for all. Battery backup is not so good
4,Nice product I like it.
4,Everything is good. But Keyboard backlights is not there in System.
4,It's very good laptop in this price value and 8ts speed and performance is very good. Battery backup is about 5 to 6 hrs
4,Not very perfect but value of money.
4,"This is my first laptop and my experience is very bad with this laptop , not recommended to buy"
4,"Hello Everyone...
I am giving review after near about 1 month use.
Light weight Very light
Value for money
Keyboard light are not... Keyboard build quality is bit down.
U can use external keyboard for extra typing.
MS OFFICE lifetime.
Windows 10 home 🏘️ 👍
Really start within 10 sec.
Great laptop for office use.
For students this is great option.
Display qwality is not so fine.
Thank u...
Budgeted laptop.and value for money with Hp trusted brand."
4,The biggest use case for a laptop is probably as a portable workstation they can be carried to office or to college. This laptop has to be powerful enough to get work done fast. It should be a device with a healthy battery back up and at the same time not too bulky. And it helps immensely if it’s easy on the wallet. HP’s new laptop called HP 14s is a product that tries to condense all the above-mentioned requirements . I am very happy.
4,Very Good labtop
4,Best profu
4,"It is my first laptop it says 1.65 kg in description but it's a bit more heavy like somewhere around 2.kg build quality is good so quick and fast battery🔋 is also lasts upto 7-8 hours display is normal display would have been better if it was an ips display but ips display's consume more 🔋
Webcam is also decent just need the proper lighting for good video chats, yeah overall one thing I will say in this price range around 50k we middle class people always need to make some compromises I com...
READ MORE"
4,"It's been 1month, bought 16gb version. A perfect laptop for a me as a developer less key travel with backlit keyboard. IPS display. Getting around 6hrs battery backup with vs code and browser. Overall good value for money. Performance pretty decent on light gaming and handling multi tasking smoothly like vs code, running two browser side by side with lots of tab open also run another third party app. Overall running smoothly. Compiles code very fast. It is a good product if you are not a hea...
READ MORE"
4,Very Good product for students and official works.
4,"Really Best laptop for students. But it's display is fade that's way i not recommend to any who wants for editing purpose.
But overall except display laptop is best."
4,"Every this is blazing fast
But TN display is not worth it n speakers are average better to go with asus series where you get good package overall"
4,Value For Money
4,The product is descent in price range.
4,Nice product only battery iss
4,PRODUCT IS GOOD. BUT DELAY IN DELIEVEY FROM FLIPKART.
4,Just good
4,Nice product.
4,Withing 20 minut it heated like heater
4,"Value for the money, found at low price than market, appealing look and performance
Excellent battery power. Overall a decent deal"
4,Except display everything good
4,Features are as expected. A good one for basic usage. But screen quality could have been better. It's very thin and need to handle it bit carefully.
4,product is very good and thankyou Flipkart
4,Laptop is good but display is not so good for long-term work. It causes more eye fatigue than other displays as it is a tn panel . So not so good
4,Overall working good but the only problem I m facing that the files transfer rate is very very slow
4,"- Design and color is excellent. Backlit keyboard is impressive.
- Typing experience is excellent, smooth.
- Body gets smudged every time, no matter you use it with proper clean hands it will get smudged easily. Also body is not too heavy, but it's heavy, company did no compromise with 1.8kgs.
- Battery backup is average. Takes a longer time to get fully charged, doesn't feel like 45w charging.
- Display is good. 2k/4k video experience is excellent. 1080/720 is okayish. If you're a amoled di...
READ MORE"
4,"Disappointed with display
Otherwise value for money"
4,Backlight keyboard
4,Good product weight less simple product good loved it
4,"Nice laptop. Value for money. A little slow, still Okay for basic needs. Thankyou flipkart."
4,"The base is becoming a bit Heat within 30 minutes . But there is no problem. Overall, it is a Nice laptop."
4,In this price range its best laptop.
4,"Received today don't know about performance but over all looks nice ,Thin & Light weight ."
4,Lil bit heating issue is there overall its good laptop go for it!!!!!!
4,Value for money 💰 little bit battery problem but overall good
4,"I have been using this laptop for about 4 months now and I bought it around 34k. The laptop works great for multitasking,coding and surfing.
The only major drawback I found was with the display, the viewing angles are not good at all everytime you'll have to adjust the screen according to your posture, also if a person tries to watch something from side the colours will appear dark and mostly black.
Other than that the design is beautiful, slight gaming I have also done, (no GTA 5, maybe in v...
READ MORE"
4,It's quite good only some what heating problem everything nice.
4,"The laptop looks good and the bezels are also quite thin but the only problem I faced is its viewing angles, they are just pathetic."
4,Everything is ok in this but there is a problem that heating problem if we use less time then also it is becoming heat so this only the one reason on it .
4,Hp laptop i3 8gb windows 11 12th generation this is very good product I like it's HP laptop
4,"The product

is very nice value for money."
4,Best product in this price range
4,Good Product..best
4,"overall performance was good .... build quality of the product is satisfied..
battery backup its fully depends upon your works if you are browsing it will come 8 hours..
if you are watching movie or playing games it will come only 3 hours..

full HD display was good...

sound quality just okay ...

design and other things are good

but kindly note in this laptop not having LAN port ."
4,"Lenovo ideapad slim 3 is good 👍. But the only thing is display quality is not so good but also not bad because if you visit alot of white color web pages or white products or you have to work with white screens then this laptop with this display quality is not suitable but over all performance is awesome and processor speed is also very good. And the design of laptop is premium look and sound quality is also good. There is no complaints with the speed and performance and processor. Overall a...
READ MORE"
4,"It is my First Laptop and I found it worth the price I got this laptop for like 34k after using Bank discounts and to be honest the laptop comes with good packaging from company and has a very sleek and good design overall. The processor is quite good not that flagship level as it is a entry level laptop, and display is like good u can watch movies nicely no problems at all.

The only thing that i found a little disappointing is speakers it is quite low but if u have external speakers or wear...
READ MORE"
4,Overall
4,good at so far
4,It's nice to my leptop
4,Awesome product for daily office work
4,Good product..one i charged it around performed 9+ hours
4,Best laptop at this price
4,Nice laptop. Good for normal office use. Battery drains faster which is not expected from a brand new laptop. Also the display could have been better. Still a nice one at this price range.
4,Nice product I loved it...😍
4,Worth for money. Gud product.
4,Everything is fine and perfect. But the display viewing angle is very bad. And it's a very considerable thing. Please note before buying.
4,Other than the battery life the product is excellent. In terms of built quality and software experience. The audio output and screen quality along with the viewing angle is also very good.
4,I have been using it for like month no. Overall good product but battery life is bit short
4,Nice built quality good features but lacks the backlit keyboard that would be better the best feature is its slim and has Ethernet port also which most of the today's laptop miss
4,Good performance and smooth running
4,"Laptop is good with nice design,, also with a great control centre with several options,, built quality is good,, nice performance in gaming at medium settings 🔥🔥🔥"
4,"One of the best PC at this price point. Phenomenally light with all the goodness of a great built quality. It is actually the MAC killer. You can open it with one hand, comes with brick Type C charger, extremely light at 1.5 lg only. works flawlessly with SAMSUNG Ecosystem like SAMMY TV or SAMMY PHONE.. Plus it is i7 13 gen.... Not sure if it has RAM or hard disk upgradable or slot for another hard disk that is why one star less else it is nothing less than 5 STAR...."
4,"I'll be honest n critique this product as for it is.
The build is not premium it is just the finish n touch that looks premium, but actually, don't be a typical fan and observe that the display screen and the hinge are of poor quality, which has a high amount of push n bending. Which is scary. Get Asus. Lenovo!
Samsung is just a brand name."
4,Amazing laptop in this price.
4,"Very fast booting i3 12th generation 1215U processor over all good laptop, and Flipkart packaging are good
Thankyou"
4,"This is very good product for daily uses
So dont think so much buy it"
4,"Overall Very Good Laptop

Performance 10/9
Display 10/7
Battery 10/8
Value For Money 10/10

Very Smooth Experience 😀"
4,"Great

I bought ryzen 5 5500u 16gb ram varient. No backlit keyboard not an issue, black keyboard have good visibility. Snappy performance, no heating. Initially you need to charge 3 hrs for better battery performance. Display fhd ips 300nits. For 16gb ram varient. Other varients gets tn display. Battery life is 7 hrs for web browsing,
For video playback 6.5hrs 720p, heavy gaming 2 hrs. Lenovo vantage software has good features like intelligent cooling, battery saving and conservative mode....
READ MORE"
4,"Descent product, you can purchase it, value for money I got this lapi at 35.5k around so it's not that expensive.. For normal usage like coding and light gaming you can go for it."
4,The laptop is good for 38k and it doesn't have backlight for keyboard and sound from speakers is very very low camera is also bad but performance covers for everything
4,"Display quality is very poor
Performance is very good
Battery life up to 5 hours"
4,Sound quality Low otherwise Very awesome Product.
4,Very nice laptop Profomence very nice
4,Very nice product 😊
4,Product is good. But it may have provided with expandable storage and finger print sensors
4,Excellent Performance
4,NYC Laptop
4,"After a week I used it you just unbelievable it's lovey
For student and office work it is really good
Backlit keyboard is awesome
And better backup is also good"
4,"Best processor. Good looking , best laptop"
4,Good but you may opt for a better laptop available at a higher price.
4,The product is top notch for 53000...sleek design with good performance for that price
4,The build quality and design is very good. I have been fan of Thikpad T series laptops but this E series does not disappoint. Keyboard experience is almost close to T series. Overall performance is okay. It takes 20-25 sec to boot which is a bit on slower side. CS2 I could play only in medium to low settings.
4,"Overall very good laptop, value for money 💰...."
4,The battery needs a little improvement to make it last longer and looks great and is value for money at this price ✅
4,"Very nice . Product I'm happy.thank you so much filpkart,"
4,good laptop for basic use like office and student
4,Worth the price
4,Laptop performance is good and all is good 👍🏼
4,"Nice Product Bought 8 gb ram and 512 gb rom
In bbd sale"
4,Good laptop in price of 36k .
4,Speaker are just 🤢
4,nice product......
4,Laptop is ok best hai but speaker valume is very low🙄
4,"Good to use.. only minus point is display... improve display..other than that, Everything is good"
4,Battery backup is g
4,"Good mid level laptop for college, runs smoo"
4,"Yet everything is fine but the camera quality is so so...

Found worthy only"
4,Just amazing
4,Good product 🥰
4,"I love the product, but I recently had to change my display, idk how it happened maybe due to ram or motherboard malfunction, it was the 4th day of using the laptop , i hope Asus Team put that it note plus need to give better cushioning on the laptop before packaging , as well as Team Flipkart! Since it's a really expensive product, overall I loved the product but it's taking time to repair in the Authorized service centre , hope this feedback helps the other costumers🙌🏻"
4,"Best value for money product
But the battery backup is not good"
4,Nice product for students and coders.
4,Simply good 👍👍 Laptop is full plastic body but quality is good and worth of money 💰
4,"Hi, I'm reviewing this laptop after 8 days and findings are:

Pros:

MS offfice student and window 11 home.

Processor is good as it can run the video editing software filmora smoothly.

Design asthestic is good but it's not feel sturdy enough.

Touchpad is wide and works smoothly.

Screen display is good.

Data transfer speed is good.

It's ram and hard disk is expandable which is good but I didn't use it's feature.

Cons:

Battery charger is not good and battery heating issues are there. ...
READ MORE"
4,Nice product but battery life not good
4,It's been a month since I am using this product and this is the best in this budget. The performance is amazing and the screen quality is superb. The only thing which kept it from getting 5 stars is it's battery and it's not as bad as people write about it but it's average (around 4-5 hours)
4,Only issue is battery otherwise it's good in this price range😊
4,Good looking
4,Nice.
4,"Nice laptop which I loking for,"
4,"Performance 4.5/5
Design 4.5/5
Battery 3/5
Display 5/5
Speaker 2.5/5
Speed 4/5
Keyboard 5/5
Review after 1 week of use.
Overall very good laptop if you can compromise with speaker and battery."
4,good quality product
4,"THIS LAPTOP CAN SUPPORT UPTO 8K VIDEOS
SIMPLE TASK CAN BE DONE IN THIS
BATTERY ONLY LASTS FOR 2.5 HRS
SPAEAKER IS GOOD."
4,"Product is good
But
Flipkart customer support is worst"
4,"This laptop impresses with its sleek and premium design.The display screen is delivering rich colors and excellent clarity, perfect for both work and entertainment. Performance-wise, the code execution is seamless, handling multiple tasks and programming environments efficiently. Overall, it's a great balance of style, display quality, and performance. Thank You flipkart 😊"
4,good for student and normal work google chrome browsing is very good
4,Superb
4,It has no windows. This is an Android Chromebook but considering the value for money it is 👍
4,"Cons -Heating issue
Product is good. Value for money"
4,It is very useful for start ups who depend on cloud data storage. Which is fetched by multiple users on real time updates
4,Good for students a
4,"Good product, but backlit not avalabl."
4,"All ok but it show as a minimum price laptop
Only design shows premium
Plastic body"
4,Touching function
4,"Very good Product. This is an honest review after a use of 10 days.

Pros : Excellent Performance, Minor heating, Excellent Display Quality, the power of the backlit keyboard can be controlled. Good air Ventilation system.

Cons : Poor speakers very low volume and poor quality.

Rest Everything is good.
Overall, I'd recommend you to go for this laptop. This is perfect at this price range.
But note that the Ram is onboard and you cannot upgrade it later."
4,Except battery backup everything is just perfect
4,"The MSI Modern 15 laptop is a solid choice for users seeking a blend of performance, portability, and style. It features a sleek, lightweight design that makes it easy to carry around, perfect for both students and professionals.

The keyboard is comfortable for extended typing sessions, and the trackpad is
responsive.

But the only lack is battery backup is needed to be improved and that's all Superb product"
4,As simple as Good For Beginners...
4,This laptop value for money 💰..... Recommended to buy it..
4,"Battery backup is low, it is ok for a gaming laptop of this capacity. Performance is top-notch. No other laptop can match the performance, no heating like it is in the intel H series. Go for ryzen over intel, the display is good. Speakers are good enough."
4,Awe
4,"Overall the product is good, but the metal body attracts a lot of dust. Otherwise no issues. You should go for it."
4,Value of money...
4,"Everything is good, but fingerprint is missing, no anti-glare, no camera shutter."
4,"overall experience was quite good ,
very smooth and fast processor you can't play high graphics game on this"
4,Good value for money product.
4,Battery performance is very good
4,good roduct
4,"Good Design, good battery backup , very good display, packing was well done. Overall good products with affordable pric So I bought it again for the second time"
4,Value for money 💰 useful online classes 👌
4,Very nice I love it 🥰
4,Product is too good too smooth to use but the built-in material is too cheap like plastic..
4,Good balu for money
4,"Everything about laptop is good
Let's go to ratings about performance
performance is quite good and smooth.
Everything is perfect about this laptop specially display is amazing.

But one thing I want to say that battery should be better.

Overall I would like to give 8/10."
4,The laptop is good for this price range. Go for it!
4,Thank Flipkart
4,"Nice products
Thanks for Flipkart"
4,good laptop for student
4,Nice laptop 💻 👌.
4,Not bad product velu for money 💰 but Lenovo input back keyboard light it' disadvantage for who use in night..
4,"Good product in this budget,I am reviewing after 7 days of use its seems good and efficient till now"
4,Good performance and good battery backup and everything is good
4,"Wow great product and performance too good
I really like it"
4,I've been using it for almost a month. Its very good. Excellent choice for study purposes.
4,Overall laptop is at a price of 27000
4,Performance is good. Build quality is good. The battery is not too good. Overall at this price excellent product. I got it at 24k only at the time of the festival.
4,Speaker sounds very low otherwise good for 24k
4,"Overall laptop is good, just battery back is below average."
4,"Goods: Performance, Display, Build Quality
Bads: Battery, Sound Quality"
4,"Performance is good in budget and the design is also very good, but the battery life is not so good. Display brightness and sound output is also low . But if you can consider the cons then overall its a good combo in budget."
4,"Speke is very poor; please increase quality; others bye; it is ok, very good product.

thank you"
4,"Only issue is lower battery backup, speakers are avg too but Overall package with amazing display and backlit keyboard made me buy this."
4,Love the handyness
4,Ultimate
4,Nice Experience with mac
4,Expected better. Has hinge problem
4,Well I am a software developer. The laptop heats up really quickly. And once it does the device starts to lag
4,"I have used it for light activities (MS Office apps)... not for gaming

It's a verygood laptop... but my i5 boots up faster. Display is awesome. Light and easy to carry thanks to the bridge at the bottom. But this is not a good travel companion (given the large size).

For the cost... does not give a premium feel. My previous Zenbook felt classier.

Keyboard backlight is almost useless. A simple white light would have been so much better.

VPN services currently does not support ARM architec...
READ MORE"
4,Every thing good but battery back up is low if u watch movie on full brightness in 100% battery will drain out with in 1-1.30 hours .
4,Average machine. Good Ram and graphics.
4,All is fine except for the weight.
4,"Overall Performance of the laptop is good
But speaker volume are not up to the mark. Sound quality good
Display is good normal only"
4,Good thanks flipkart
4,"It's a good purchase, value for money 🤑
Decent specifications as compared to the amount."
4,Awesome one of best item in best selling price...picture quality.features and configuration are very good..
4,Happy value 4money
4,Nice 👍
4,Best laptop
4,Very nice product for students and for Advocates and for office uses
4,Good product this price
4,"M.S. office is not given which is cost nearly 7k+
No option for expand ram.
Otherwise the laptop is Amazing in terms of looks, build quality, performance."
4,"Very weak processor and battery.
Only 36Wh battery while other laptops in this price range offer atleast 41-45Wh.
Fan starts spinning even when doing basic work."
4,"Product is good but display is not good for eyes, I feel tense my eyes while using it. Now I am using with night mode on."
4,Nice product awesome quality provided the hp
4,It's a good buy
4,All performances are quite good but battery backup is not satisfactory. When you invest approx 60k on somethimg then you expect all performances to be satisfactory.
4,Worth for
4,Hp laptop over all is good but battery back up below 3hours
4,Best laptop in segment ok go for it🙂
4,Excellent product. High performance
4,Just Adorable
4,Good
4,Good for business work
4,DISPLAY IS A LET DOWN. But the lenovo Pen works like a CHARM. I haven't yet tested it with powerful apps but i believe AMD Ryzen 7 can handle it. This is the CHEAPEST LAPTOP with AMD 8845H I guess
5,"Battery lasted longer than my first relationship (2 days).
Listening to Arijit singh songs on full volume since then still isn't getting over. Has more warmth than her. unlike her there's two way communication here as touchpad is very responsive. fingerprint lock is nice as it only opens up to me. 5 stars for this -1 for her"
5,"Such a great deal.. very happy with the performance and battery life..Origional product..🥰❤️
Thank you Flipkart..!!!"
5,"Nice, thanks to HP and thanks to flipkart"
5,"My first MacBook and also my first laptop. First I thought of buying a windows laptop as macbooks are way more expensive. But during the sale I bought it at 73k which is a steal deal. I am a college student and mainly bought it for coding, streaming videos and movies and also for some editing tasks.

I would like to tell you if you are not a gamer this is one of the best laptops you can have in this price range. Loved the design, the colour, the sound , the display, the battery backup and al...
READ MORE"
5,"A good power pack laptop to go with,"
5,"This is my first macbook...was using windows since 3rd grade ...both are different but macOS feels so smooth and optimised.

As soon as I setted it up ... I got one update... offcourse I updated my Mac.

I am loving this product... Especially the screen corners are so thin with least bezels..
Battery life is amazing...used moderately for 1 day.. discharged 50 %"
5,First mac and it works like a beast
5,This is the best in my entire life . Such a human Machine it is and 😀🎉
5,Perfect one for office workers
5,This is a great device as a personal laptop or work machine. The Full HD camera is a welcome addition. 6 month M365 subscription is free with this machine and that is a good add-on benefit. The small notch around the camera in the top middle of the screen is pretty neatly integrated and does not disturb. The build quality is fantastic and form factor is perfect to hold and operate.
5,"Just got the product, While detailed review will updated after couple of months usage.
From initial usage it's the best laptop i have used in my career"
5,Very nice
5,"I have been using Windows for the past 13-odd years. Although I am a huge Apple fan and hence decided to buy this machine. I am writing this review after 1 month of usage.

The performance it delivers is just unmatched. On practical usage, it can easily beat the high-end Windows laptops. You are gonna love it from the moment you unbox it and would kinda wanna eat it once it falls in your hands.

The Apple silicon laptops really over-deliver than their on-paper specs. If it fits your budget...
READ MORE"
5,Superb
5,This is the first MacBook I ever have. And I must say no one can match Apple product.
5,Product is nice but price droped by 6k after purchasing so feels a bit dispointed.
5,Worth every penny u spend
5,Its very good product.
5,"Very nice , using for more than 1 year no issue ."
5,Best Laptop best graphics and
5,I loved it my first laptop in my own money which is very useful😍
5,very good products.
5,Good product but buy 16gb
5,Very nice laptop all things are good nice display build quality are good and design is too much ☺️
5,"Value for money laptop.performance is good 👍🏿😊.
If your budget is under 50k definitely you can for it ."
5,"This laptop is good for everyone who wants to play games or coding or for some little bit dissing.
This laptop fit in different conditions"
5,"Best Laptop 💻 at this Price. The performance is awesome. The display is just Wow.
1 of the Best Laptop 💻.

Thank You Flipkart.
Thank You HP."
5,Good product as price point 👍👍👍
5,The speed of the processor is quite good and all over performance is acceptable.
5,"Laptop design and build quality is good. The keypad and touch pad are really good but the corner points of the touch pad make a bit of noise while clicking.Hinges are decent and can go upto 180. The display is good but I was expecting a bit better quality in terms of colours. I found the sound quality good enough and if you are looking for more loudness you can use third party pass like fxaudio to boost the audio quality. Charger cable quality is not that good. The laptop gets a bit hot when ...
READ MORE"
5,One of the best 👌
5,MSi 14 C12MO is best for students
5,Best for Normal Usage and Pharmacy accounting🙏🏻🙏🏻
5,MSI is a reputable Brand so don't worry about the quality and performance. But at this price range u have to compromise with the Sound and Battery. Performance of the laptop is very smooth and fast❤️❤️❤️❤️
5,Best of cost but little thing that charged very slow
5,If they could only improve in battery then the overall product is awesome
5,Working condition good
5,"Excellent look and performance is good, happily go for it. no issues"
5,It's pretty good
5,Over all good performancr
5,Best Laptop good performance Happy with the product
5,"One of the best laptop under or around 50k .
Display is good
Performance is good
Sound is decent
Design and build quality is just lit 🔥"
5,I am satisfied with this laptop.It is very fast to boot and read write speed is amazing.overall it's a nice laptop for students and office works.
5,Good one....it is so beautiful....if u want a laptop for easy to carry....u should go for it.
5,Love the way she dances in pavilion lapii
5,Good product with fairly a good price...
5,"I feel like it is a best choice for day to day task, even for usual coding as well in this segment, thanks to its 8GB RAM and SSD, ensuring smooth multitasking and fast boot times. Battery life is decent, offering 6-7 hours on regular use. While the build is plastic, it remains a solid choice for students and professionals seeking a budget-friendly, reliable laptop."
5,Go for it but battery issue but for it
5,A good choice. So far so good.
5,Best laptop in budget in 2023...
5,"Super Model...
Slim Vivobook
Love it."
5,"Overall performance is good but battery back up as not expected, rest design and colour and look is sexy display clarity as not expected but you can buy for personal use."
5,"Nice product , good quality"
5,Good feature at the price. Product quality and features are very good
5,Wow nice 👍
5,"Very nice performance
Good desplay
Good sound"
5,Cheap price original 🤪 quality trusted brand thanks Flipkart
5,Best laptop under this price range
5,Awsome product...
5,"Awesome Product, Thank You Flipkart"
5,After 4 months of use i am extremely satisfied
5,If ur don't see other laptop just bye it will have much performance what except Abou u
5,"This laptop is like running ❤️
Battery life is too good 8-9 hours"
5,"Got it for 45k with offers , there is not a single laptop which is better than this laptop in this range"
5,Awesome product.
5,Absolutely amazing
5,"This product value for money
And very nice laptop"
5,Worth purchasing if your budget is under 35k. Best for programming and productivity tasks.
5,Good For general purpose
5,Excellent 👍👍👍
5,"Overall laptop is very good and full package of performance, screen , and power.
I am using this laptop from past 3 year and it's performance still same as new and fast."
5,"Got, as expected..Best product"
5,"Overall excellent product..
Display is awesome, Sound is up to the mark, Performance is enough for a daily user, And the look and feel is 🔥🔥"
5,"Superb Laptop very slim and thin
Charing very good"
5,Very nice product... Recommended for all...
5,Excellent 👌🏻
5,Super laptop 💻 all is good 👍
5,Best for Trading #trader 📈📊
5,Good performance. Working fine.
5,"Laptop is good 👍😊 and the performance is also good it doesn't get lagged and or any heating issue battery life is normal use 5-6 hour's and heavy use like when gameing it is around 4 hours and I don't recommend this laptop for gaming but casual gameing is ok.
This laptop has a little sound but if you download movie and play in vlc you can get loud sound if watching online i recommend headphones 🎧"
5,"Great value for money laptop. Feels very compact in hand, perfect for regular day to day tasks, can do multitasking with ease. Overall a steal deal at this price. Feels upmarket.
Design 5/5
Keyboard 5/5
Processor 5/5
Ram Management 5/5
Battery 5/5
Camera 5/5"
5,"Giving review after 2 weeks. The overall experience was very good. Performance, display, design is top notch. Definitely go for it. But need to compromise with the battery (backup is around max 3 hrs)."
5,Loved this product ☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️
5,Best in the market.
5,Good product at this range
5,This is amazing just wow
5,v good
5,feels good
5,Very best product
5,Performance of laptop is ossum.
5,Best product with the hardware
5,Everything is good and I loved it
5,Very nice item
5,Good quality laptop. Good specifications. Prompt delivery. Thanks to flipkart.
5,Excellent product with good quality
5,Nyc product
5,Wows
5,Worth for money
5,Nice laptop high speed good batery back up
5,"Performance Is Very Good , And I Like It , It is Valuable For Money Everybody Should Buy This Product."
5,Very nice laptop .completely loved it .worth for money
5,Brilliant laptop value for money
5,It is a nice laptop and I loved it ☺️
5,Over-all its a good laptop
5,"A very fast laptop, design is very impressive, performance is also very good"
5,Thank you Flipkart I am very happy with chrome book
5,Ver Good product for students and normal use
5,Nice Thank Flipkart
5,cheep and best product Thank you flipkart for giving the best offer
5,"Awesome laptop
Thin and light makes it very much portable
Almost Everything is perfect in this"
5,Best Laptop ❤️❤️
5,Nice product with good quality
5,Nice product 🥰🥰
5,"Good product
Every things are good
Box
Laptop
Power adaptor 65w with cable
User manual"
5,Good product 🥰
5,"Awesome products for kids as a study pupose,,"
5,I'm so happy
5,Value for money but battery and sound quality is not good otherwise it's good
5,Good some key sometimes doesn't work smoothly one of my zero key and spacebar do
5,Brilliant laptop. Value for money.
5,GOOD WORKING
5,"all is good
only con is speaker 🔈 is not loud"
5,I got this in 30k for 16gb variant. It's really light weight really fast in work go with it you will not regret it
5,A light weight laptop is absolutely good for the office and work. Back-up is good will do most of the time . Fast loading does not lag.
5,"Good product value of money 💰
But over heat that only one problem 😕"
5,GREAT
5,"Excellent performance laptop 💻
I am fully satisfied with it...."
5,Such a wonderful product at this price range. I got it for 27k in bbd sales. Looks and build quality is good. Compact laptop. No MS office. Average battery backup. Good quality screen decent speaker. Those who are looking for professional light weight laptop can consider this laptop.
5,"Review after 1 month
Performance- good
Battery -not bad (runs around 4-5 hours on 50% brightness which is not bad)
Sound quality -poor (you will have to use a earphone)
Video quality- superb (you can stream Netflix prime in 4k)
Lightweight and design is also good at this price point this is the best you can get"
5,Amazing product from MSI
5,This is best budget product and this is very good product
5,This laptop is very good for studies and online classes 😊
5,Bast
5,"The product is very good at its price.....best for students

But flipkart's service is getting worse day by day"
5,Product is too good
5,Sports
5,"The Chromebook is really worth the price... Only drawback i found was the display.. if there is light on it glares too much and also the viewing angle of the screen is very poor while watching videos.. the slightest change in angle of viewing the screen makes images look like a photo negative on the screen.. it can't be used with heavy apps just for entertainment purpose mainly for kids, better than giving phone. Touch is not very responsive but does the job.. end story is for the price range...
READ MORE"
5,"Best for office, blogger, trader mobile games can easily playable over all look great at this price"
5,Best laptop for watching Content and for normal use
5,Best design... value for money 👍👍👍👍
5,"It's good for study purpose... makeing notes,typing,pdf studying photo editing touch pad is vary fluent
U can also use for coding by developer mode vs code run smoothly... design parameters is also good ... only issue that highly graphics software take time such if u want to install deepfake software take mush time.... overall it is worthy"
5,"Best choice must be for students
And profitable"
5,Best for students
5,"Good product ,
Nice battery backup
Touch screen awesome
Operating also very smooth
100% satisfied with this product.
This price bracket it is good product."
5,"Using this laptop for the past 15 days and I am completely happy with the laptop in performance wise and other aspects. Ryzen 5 does a brilliant job. I am mainly using it for programming purposes including software like R, PowerBi, Python, MySql, and all and it does a good job in it. The battery life of the laptop is incredible nearly I am getting a battery life of around 5-6 on average and it depends on the usage. After the first update felt that there is a huge increase in the battery life ...
READ MORE"
5,Got at very good price during big billion sale...packaging was good and smoothly deliver at my door step. Even I like the unboxing procedure of flipkart ....thanks flipkart.
5,"It's too good than other Lenovo features on value for money. I like it's design
Overally it's too much better for students and software's"
5,Value for money just go for it🔥
5,worth the money product
5,"Worth of money and performance is too good
Highly impressed with it performance and features
The laptop has and modern design making it a pleasure to carry around."
5,"Best ,nice product and value for money."
5,Best performance
5,"Best laptop
VALUE FOR MONEY
I like it very much touch pad is fine and touchscreen is really good it is super I loves it"
5,Build quality and performance is very good
5,Wow 😍🤩good quality is bast price
5,Just loved it 🤟😀
5,"Ryzen u series processors reduce the RAM available for usage due to usage by graphics chip. Out of 8 gb, barely 4gb is available, rest is used by the system"
5,I like this laptop battery backup is good
5,Best condition fast delivery and great quality
5,Osm value for money
5,Best laptop at this budget range.
5,Awasome products...
5,"Excellent performance
Best value for money laptop
Excellent Screen to Body ratio
Best laptop in this Range

And the Best Thing is that
It's MADE IN INDIA🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳"
5,"Performance is good and SSD boost the speed as well as boot time.
Daily task easily performed.
Since onle single slot is available that's why not good for upgrade in future.
Display is one of the biggest issue of this laptop but if you are a stable user use on table then there is no issue at all.
TFT panel has low angle view but colour quality and speed is good ..
I will recommend those whose task is normal and single heavy.
For students and medium level commercial use and professional use .
...
READ MORE"
5,Realy top label product no hang no lag very light wait . Battery backup 10 hour aprox .. i m so happy with this hp cromebook
5,"so nice product HP chromebook touch screen
I'm so happy with this product"
5,Good one piece
5,Superb purchase
5,"For the price, very good buy. The intel 12th gen i3 is faster than 8th gen i5 I have been using.

I installed (K)Ubuntu Linux 24.04. Everything works fine."
5,"100% value for money this laptop provide best display and the contrast awesome and this laptop battery last 4hours and performance also good lag free

Go for it 😊"
5,"Honestly, apart from baseless speakers and average battery life. It's really a beast in this range🗿🔥"
5,Design and build quality is good. Speakers are decent quality. MSI is a good brand. This laptop supports type c PD charging 65 watt. I bought a 65-watt charger protonics brand that charged my laptop very fast. My overall experience is good.
5,"design is impressive.
display - amazing (5/5)
battery - looks good considering the price segment it falls in.(2-4 hrs)
backlit keyboard - amazing
feel food factor - definitely yes"
5,Love this laptop at this price! Perfect for software development. Linux also works well on this laptop.
5,"Its very good and can be used for office work. I suggest to take 16 GB variant, as 8 GB will be eaten up by OS and couple of Browser and antivirus tasks🫥"
5,"Overall best product in this segment I purchased it in 31k with card offers
It's my review after 7 days of usage
Performance - 8/10
display - 9/10
Battery - 5 /10
Design - 10/10
Charging speed - 7/10
Build quality - 8/10

it's a perfect laptop but you have to compromise with battery 🔋"
5,nice one
5,Best Laptop 👍 for this price range
5,"Good Laptop 👍

Battery backup not so good otherwise everything is good small compact stylish and easy to carry does all the work as a college student."
5,"This laptop is not for high level gaming, you can do browsing , coding and video editing technically properly.
My one is 16 GB ram with 512 Ssd , but still not having a good interact with this laptop. Casually it's delay some time if I do any function. But only something like 1/500.
But still after using 2 days I can say it's best. You can go with it."
5,"I was puschase this laptop at the price of 32k.
And comapring to other laptop it perform very good. For normal use it performe better. This laptop for students for normal image and video editing and internet suffering."
5,Great
5,Perfect price
5,"*In my opinion it feel pretty premium while using the keyboard.
*Love the display
*It looks pretty good
*In gaming performance it run pretty well in Valorent it give me around 250 to 300fps (high setting)
*It sound quality is good as compared to other gaming laptop under 70k 😁

###Disadvantage ###
* Battery life is around 1.2hr after Full charging 😔
* No microsoft office access"
5,This is a nice product from Asus. It delivers extraordinary performance and a premium feel. Keyboard RGB adds extra beauty.
5,"I got this laptop (16GB/512GB) with AMD 7 Ryzen 7 HS with 3050 RTX in Big Billions Day offer under 60k.
The performance , build quality , overall design is good, battery life is little low because of the top notch performance."
5,It is a very good product please buy it. It is value of money
5,Good but memory less
5,best at this price point
5,Very nice Intel performing well
5,"The Product is Awesome.
Love the Touch Screen And 360 Convertible features.

But have to get other things explicitly like Pen, Protection film for the keyboard.
Overall the product is good for students for taking classes and browsing the internet.

It got some similar features as of 💻 like touchpad, keyboard, ports, etc.
The only thing that makes it different than traditional laptops is its OS."
5,Very good choice of lighter user and mainly Student
5,I have purchased this product for my daughter and she is very happy to have this beautiful product and very nice .
5,Nice ☺️☺️
5,This is the best laptop in this range definitely you can buy it but one negative point is display is average not so good but you can manage.
5,"Don't buy if you are looking for a laptop which has good battery life and it heats pretty much...
So consider these facts when you buy them.
And the built quality.. it's made of plastic and for this much price the built quality is not that good"
5,"At 42k (after applying my HDFC credit card), this laptop is just an awesome machine. I love the sleek, slim design; it's one of the lightest laptops available on the internet. It feels like a tablet in my hand. The form factor of this laptop is just wow. A great product with capable performance and useful features. The battery could be better, but it's still moderate considering the powerful chipset."
5,Very light weight laptop with two m.2 gen-4 nvme SSD slots. Excellent performance!
5,Wonderful. It has MS Office installed for a lifetime.
5,Best for moderate works...
5,Beast in an eco package
5,Value
5,"Thanks to Flipkart and the seller delivering the product with the ever best packaging within 5 Days.

Pros-

1. it has nice battery life like 7-8 hours on offline use, 5-6 hours online browsing and minimum 4 hours on heavy use.
2. The trackpad is super big and smooth I have ever used in my career.
3. It comes with i3 1215 new processor who has 6 cores and 8 threats so it makes my works so fast.
4. It has 512 gb superfast nvme ssd
5. The RAM is upgradable up to 32GB and Storage also upgradab...
READ MORE"
5,"Feels like premium laptop at just 38k.
It's my 2nd Acer laptop, I used my previous laptop for more than 6 year without any issue.

Sound is bit less
Full HD display
Plastic body but its finishing is like metallic body.
Pretty look
Thin and light weight
I get only 475 GB SSD disappointed 😞


I'll update after 15 days"
5,Best quality laptop for students
5,"Good battery backup, smooth running, good product Acer laptop and thanks Flipkart"
5,"Battery backup is excellent, good laptop value for money, thanks Flipkart"
5,"I've been using it since the last month and it is pretty good actually.... Haven't seen any lagging or any kind of flaw in it .. Here's some pros and cons..
Pros:-
1. Design is pretty good and built feels sturdy(minimal screen wobble and keyboard flex) (plastic body not metal)
2. The Display is quite amazing at this price point (IPS 60Hz)
3. The i3 12th gen does it's work quiet properly be it multitasking or average gaming or internet surfing
4. Backlit keyboard looks good
5. Battery backup...
READ MORE"
5,"Good blend of performance and price.


I decided to go with Gen 12 i3 rather Gen 11 i5. And choise was good. For 37k with 16GB ram this was steal deal.

Performance is good for entry level mid level laptop.
Battery life is not same as claimed by product. Display, ergonomic, weight is decent.


Cons : camera quality, battery life, and hinge design, mouse pad (flimsy)"
5,"one thing that not mention here is the build material is not metal anywhere, whole body is made of plastic althought build quality is top notch despite not having metal frame.
having backlit keyboard at this price range is actually quite useful. trackpad and display are of good quality. i haven't encountered any issue with this laptop. it's truly an underpriced laptop. and try to get 16gb ram variant since ram soldered to motherboard. both slot are equipped with 8gb ram. if you can get 16gb v...
READ MORE"
5,Overall good. But speakers are okay.
5,"Been using the laptop for two days now and here's my impression about it.
Pros:
1) It has a Metal body and feels extremely premium to hold and use.
2) Has a backlit keyboard which is a good thing. The touchpad also feels extremely good to use.
3) The display quality is fabulous and crystal clear. Blacks feel like an amoled display on this screen.
4) If you do not play heavy games or use heavy editing software, the performance of the laptop is at par to get all other work done smoothly.
5) The...
READ MORE"
5,"It's awesome and got it for 32000 8gb and 512 variant, but battery is not good it last for 3 hours only"
5,"Reviewing after using 1 week.
It's a nice laptop for office and everyday tasks.
Battery is good because it's running new.
Performance is very good with having opened multiple tabs and windows.
However it came with windows 11 home, I would like to have 11 pro.
It's worth the money.
[..I should edit the review after using for a few months to let others know how it's going..]"
5,Nice product. Value for money. Best option for studying and entry-level works. I have doubt in durability bcz plastic quality is not good . Iam very satisfied with this
5,Good laptop value for money
5,Nice product. Value for money. Lightweight and sturdy.
5,The sound quality is decent. Otherwise OK.
5,Best in this segment 😍🔥
5,The best laptop under 48k without any doubt.
5,Absolutely worth it as it has 12th gen i3 processor and it performs superb as it shift easily to boost mode when you do heavy task and get 4+Ghz clock speed there and display wise it's also good it has tft panel but believe display colours are very bright and looks like IPS panel even my friend didn't believe it's a TN panel and one more thing it's comes with lifetime free ms office . Seriously I am loving this laptop looks are awesome .best under 35k in all aspect
5,Good enough
5,Good Product this price range
5,"The quality of the product is good.
However, the delivery was delayed by 8-10 days due to the inefficiency of the courier office."
5,"Super
Awesome
Acer laptop is good in lower money higher futurers"
5,"Very good laptop Acer aspire i3 12 generation smooth
Easy operating system windows 11 battery backup 5hour regular users sound is very good no heating issue
I give Acer laptop 5star thanks for Acer and Flipkart service"
5,Excellent performance with i3 12th gen
5,Not bad
5,This configuration laptop on and off in 10 Seconds. Very good performance.
5,Best in this price
5,Super colitis nice product 👌👍💐🙏👆
5,Overall ok.
5,Using it for more than a week now and I can say that the performance of this laptop is really good. It's very fast in opening up apps and holds its fort during multitasking as well. Battery life is also good. Overall a great purchase.
5,Best laptop according to me. It is value for money
5,Great value for Money with better quality products. Thanks so much for Flipkart as well the seller...
5,"It was awsome.... Without any second opinion just go for it guysss....... 💗
I am in love with that device... ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤"
5,"Today I recieved my first laptop, First thing is it's looks premium 😍, performance is very best ,display quality is very good crystal clear pictures , speakers are not very loud..but it's suitable if you working in room good for watching movies , very good battery backup if you turn on battery saver it will last 8-9hrs ... totally I'm satisfied with Lenovo"
5,Good working laptop🥰🥰🥰
5,Good product for this amount to value for doing all the works
5,This Laptop is Great 🤩
5,Absolutely love
5,I got this product at 32k including a bank discount at this BBD.. Definitely it is value for money.. great performance.. only problem is that my laptop doesn't have a backlit keyboard as shown in the specification.. Otherwise it's good till now
5,Super fast
5,Best product 👌
5,Super performance
5,"The product come with full metallic finish body, in performance it so good for regular usage, battery life will comes for 6-7 hrs while in online mode and I like this laptop for its light weight and no heating issues. I feel it is value for money product :) :) :)"
5,"Good Battery, Good screen, very sleek, fast, and value for money."
5,It's a great product.
5,Good and value for money. I got it around 51.5 k. Display and performance is also great
5,Best product value for money
5,"Compatible with amazing features, top notch display quality, light weight and best performance. Good to go for daily usage."
5,"Premium Design, so far no issues but one thing would like to know about battery performance which I'm looking for."
5,"I bought this for 55k, so it's worth for money and good looking design"
5,LAPTOP IS VERY GOOD COLOUR IS A REVER BUT REFRESH RATE VERY SLOW
5,"Thinest laptop and Performance , ecosystem amazing 👏"
5,"Best laptop in this range, thanks Flipkart product by samsung"
5,"Best laptop go for it
Battery 7,8 hrs.
Best for college students 😀"
5,good machine portable sleek design .
5,Best laptop 😊 for students overall allrounder under 62 k
5,"This ThinkPad is awesome. Modern design with a very colourful display for its price. Also you get a backlight keyboard which is useful. Also you get a genuine windows with a genuine copy of Microsoft Office 2021.


I will recommend y'all to buy this
This is a value for money product"
5,Osm product for study or bus
5,Good product value of money love Flipkart
5,Awesome Laptop with backlit keyboard and powerful processor
5,"Works fast without any issues. Smooth typing experience. Great product👍
Performance:- 5/5
Design:- 5/5
Battery:- 4/5
Speaker:- 4/5"
5,best in i3 12th generation
5,Super low price good quality and big display
5,"Performance is good but battery backup time 3 to 4 hours only.
Premium design and stylish look"
5,"Nice product, super performance"
5,Very nice product fully worth it
5,"Best for budget main plus point is it has 6cores , but I will suggest you to do one thing after the purchase delete the cheap antivirus called McAfee"
5,best products go ahead 😋🥰🙏🏻
5,Good quality best feature 👌
5,"Stopped functioning.. it's not opening at all.Just showing the wallpaper.
It's not past one month since I bought this ASUS laptop."
5,"This laptop is best choice under 40k...if you have knowledge of using laptops.

I bought it for 34,990 under Big Billion Days .If you're smart enough, this is best budget laptop that you can buy.The screen shows a little bit negative images which again doesn't matter as long as you're not looking at it from a weird angle.

Doesn't have backlit and thats good because it saves a lot of battery 🔋.
Battery is soo good. In watching 4k video for 1 hour it drains only 20%.
The product is genuine.

...
READ MORE"
5,I like the product but battery and sound quality not better
5,I liked it
5,"First Impressions fantastic value for money
Smooth experience with backlit keyboard it works perfect"
5,Awesome look and
5,"Excellent build quality and performance.
Linux support is also great."
5,Good laptop for basic programing
5,"worth it for every rupee.
I like this product, nicely packed and delivered.
It's good for students."
5,Good laptop with the segment
5,"Original product , worth the price for i7 proce"
5,"We have been using it for 7 days, the product is very good It feels different from PC and money is spent in a good place 🧡❤️"
5,best laptop
5,Great pick with i7 and 13th Generation configuration. Will not get at this price in any other reputed brands
5,Super product value for money
5,best laptop in 49k.work very smoothly.
5,"Good built quality. I say 4/5 ❤️
Go for it ."
5,Good Product...Superb display....Value for money
5,"greatt oneee for coding
superr display
battery is good
overall a nice one
sound is a bit good
sure buy"
5,"the performance is good,some times the fingerprint doesn't read"
5,Awesome product. Fast processor. Full aluminum build. Light weight and easy to carry. All necessary ports are available. Love it ❤️.
5,I used this laptop since 2 months and never faced any problem . Worth to money..You can purchase the product without any hesitation . I Love the colour and display of the laptop 😍
5,"Amazing product. Satisfied with the product output, build quality and overall experience."
5,Display is descent....And rest of the things are quite awsm
5,amazing offers 😃.superb product
5,"The performance is very good, I am a CA student and I found this laptop good for my day to day tasks, till now I have not got any complaint of any type with this laptop. This laptop is a good for study and office use which is available in a good price budget."
5,This laptop is Perfect for students
5,Best for Students.Value for Money.
5,"Good laptop it's my first laptop very impressed
But battery backup only for 4 hours for normal task.
Performance of this laptop is amazing."
5,"Performance : 5/5
Design : 6/5
Display:4/5 [Can play 8k Videos smoothly]
Battery : 5-6 hr depending on usage
Speakers : Decent [4/5]
Backlit Keyboard
Overall a great package in budget !!"
5,"I think it's the best laptop for students in this fast changing AI world, performance, battery life, design wise etc everything makes it best available in the market. The only problem is speakers which can generate more pitch at this price."
5,The product is good
5,Good nice product.
5,"Superb product, value for money"
5,"i got my pc and now i love it. love u Samsung It amazingly works.
in future will buy more secured brand"
5,Nice laptop ❤️👌
5,Very valuable iteam
5,Superb product in this price
5,ALL OVER GOOD PRODUCT AFTER USE OF 4 MONTH
5,It's really good
5,Super Hits
5,Over power
5,"Nice product i loved it
It was a best mid range laptop"
5,Excellent performance. I can play many games without any lag. Of course it's not a gaming laptop but fulfills my requirement without buying gaming laptop
5,"The Lenovo IdeaPad Slim 1 with AMD Ryzen 5 Hexa Core 5500U is an excellent laptop for everyday use. With 16 GB RAM and a 512 GB SSD, it runs smoothly and handles multitasking effortlessly. The sleek design, lightweight at 1.65 kg, and 15.6-inch display make it perfect for both work and entertainment. Plus, it comes with Windows 11 and MS Office, making it a great value for professionals and students alike. Highly recommended!"
5,Good model with the specification with the slim piece nice design and performance of the pad.
5,Value for money in compare to any Dell or HP. Build quality is good. Perfect display in that budget segment. Performance is upto the mark.
5,beautiful laptop 💻 😍❤️
5,Sexy' 🔥🔥🔥
5,"Very Good Performance...Not any issue using multiple softwares using..working fine. but this display is poor Quality. only look 90 angle then Colours are was good because using TN panel display...that because (TN panel display) viewings angle are very bad like.. Negative Picture.. if you love watch movie.. So don't buy.... Buy Asus Vivobook Go 15 Oled Ryzen3 7320U , (VA Panel IPS display)...Extra Pay 2-3K for Better Performance.. with Excellent display also good gaming."
5,"Superb performance good Asus company... Value for money 💰..., very good product"
5,Good laptop in 36k budget with i3 12gen processor. In starting days battery backup is low after 7-8 days its come on normal ... There is some issue in viewing angle that's it
5,Quite satisfied
5,One of the best laptop this price range🥰
5,Very good product..
5,Amazing laptop thanks ASUS
5,Awsome laptop A1
5,"I will say GO FOR IT!
I love the product.

1. Premium laptop (NO too many tags/ads near Keyboard).
2. Lightweight Laptop
3. Good for Business users
4. Battery Backup (6-7 hrs on 20+ chrome tabs use) (FOR ME)
5. Screen and Speaker is great. (The speaker shouldn't below )
6. Sleek charger and laptop.
7. Tip - This product comes under the Samsung premium customer service segment. You will treated accordingly.

SCORING

Style - 5/5
Screen - 5/5
Speaker - 4/5
Battery - 4/5
Performance - 4/5
Hea...
READ MORE"
5,"Value for money
You can buy it for study purpose or some other works."
5,Thanks Flipkart so much and thanks asus laptop company
5,Good product and value for money
5,I love this laptop
5,Got it today ..till now everything seems perfect 👍🏻
5,Best laptop under 40k
5,It's very best laptop in his price range ☺️
5,"Better laptop in that segment, value for money product 👍🏻❤️"
5,"Thank You 🙏 Flipkart for giving the Best Deal in Big Billion Days. Asus Vivobook 15 with Backlit Keyboard (Silver) Latest 2024 New Design. I love 😍 this New Design and best performance cpu, battery backup, booting time, gaming experience is all of next level. Best laptop for a Student. ~~Pankaj Bhardwaj"
5,Excellent ser
5,Value for money. I can seen many people say in this laptop no. Backlit . Keyboard but this is wrong Inform . Don't worry. This is Best product thanks asus. And flip.
5,GOOD PRODUCT
5,Best product under 41 k
5,Nice performance so far in basic office and browsing works. About 10 days of using
5,Best pro
5,"Hey everyone
After reading all reviews I have purchased this laptop.
Received it today early morning. It took 3 hours to start and then I took help of HP Support system and the issue was resolved within 5 mins. So go for it. Display and sound it too good as per me. Highly recommended for students."
5,Looking good and nice
5,best product
5,Nice product 👌
5,"Everything is good... Bt little bit of heating problem.... But it's okk
Battery- 4/5
Performance- 5/5
Display is decent
Good product u can purchase it....for studing professional work.... Not for gaming.... Satisfied with this product"
5,Completely satisfied
5,One of the best allrounder laptop under 40k.No complain at all
5,Beautiful product❤
5,"This Is one of the best laptop..good battery backup, good performance.veey fast...but lot of heating issue is there..after using 2 to 3 hours laptop is like iron box..but this heating issue I rectified by purchasing laptop cooling pad."
5,It is the best laptop under this price range
5,Giving review after using 3 Months....looks wise its just woww😋 And charging is fast and long battery life🔋 also Windows 11 Supporting 😋😊 Play Store available .... Over all its a good purchase🛒... Go for it🧸💵 Value for money💵
5,"Using for the last two weeks, at this price point a good option. About the unit, the performance is very good since it has SSD storage. For online classes and for minor office works it will be useful. No major cons... No doubt!!! Go for it👍"
5,if you search laptop for kids and also for office work within your limited budget this is your best choice.Thanks for flipkart for provide me with in time period in the pandemic situation. easy for installation and easy for do all activity if you little know about laptop.
5,"In this prize it's very good pc
I but for study"
5,Battery problem
5,I have purchased this laptop on 10th June and it’s been more than a month now and iam using it daily for taking my classes on teams and it’s been working good. So overall it’s a good laptop in this budget.
5,"Excellent product for online classes and office work. Value for money , it has good speed and work faster .

Blindly I said go for it ."
5,Nice product..
5,BES best
5,Very Good 👍 Product
5,"Really booting time very less, few games run good but found little heating, while play.
Normal work , perfect budget laptop."
5,Value for money. Good product. Thanks for flipkart
5,"Its is good laptop 💻 and satisfied you with its performance.
Its battery backup is so good and display is good , And design is best ,and better for coding"
5,"Smooth and Good Performance..
Display is great in this price range...
Average 6hrs of battery backup with moderate usage..
Surely Go for it... 👍👍👍"
5,"Value for money, Fast, smooth, Decent design, 8 hours battery performance. I am very happy with this product. Thank You Flipkart Cart and their services."
5,"I am writing this review after 1 year of usage
Everything is good in this price range but you have to compromise on build quality because u will get a lot of scratches on the keyboard corner it would be avoided by wrapping it with skins"
5,"Worth the price, especially with Ryzen 5. The absence of a fingerprint sensor is a minor drawback."
5,"Amazing product
Every thing is always 💯 satisfied
I love ❤ it"
5,Very fast laptop go for it little bit heating issue but don't worry about it it doesn't affects performance and battery
5,Nice product suitable for any type of working and not too short works fast
5,Top class but battery someone small problem but good performance
5,Amazing
5,It's good product
5,Best value for money product
5,Amazing product with very good packing
5,Very good product 👍
5,Fabulous laptop
5,Super best product
5,Good performance.
5,Best 2023 to 2024
5,Best oro
5,"Very nice. It is a super fast laptop in budget.
Voice quality very nice and display also."
5,"The laptop is value for money. Good fit and finish.
Only drawback is heating problem after even short usage.

Bought the laptop for my kids online class. She was happy in using it.

The system boot time is very short due to ssd"
5,This is very very basic laptop...think about your use and purchase...best option for web access and online classes for students..
5,"Best laptop, fast performance, good battery backup upto 7 to 8 hours. Light weight slim body"
5,"good product ,easy to use ,if you take this laptop take after only looking at the size compared to other laps its smaller in size"
5,"Thanks flipkart
Always give best product @best prices
Thanks a lot👍🙏"
5,"Worst product

Its been more than 1 hour since i had given for update.. still its not turning ON and also it hangs a lot"
5,It's a nice one as compared to this budget. Useful for mini work 👍
5,Really amazing and worth for the money! Good battery backup and build quality. Absolutely a good processor as compared to i5. Affordable price and worth of it
5,Product is good but Lenovo warranty period shows only 22 months remaining
5,"I love this brand bcz all features having, and best quality and good performance"
5,Battery backup very poor
5,gud
5,Nice product in right price point go for the brand dell
5,The Best Product in the Best and Convenient Price with Flipkart Assurance. I was Skeptical about this Laptop. But after getting the open box delivery. I m so impressed with this Laptop. Must buy this Product. Thank you Flipkart
5,"Looks very Nice
Performance is Good
I like the design of the laptop
Thank You"
5,Overall This Is Good For students but I am disappointed with battery back-up
5,Very very nice
5,Nice laptop but battery is some problem fast over battery 😞😞
5,Amazing I love it ❤️😍
5,Laptop design is very nice
5,"Lightweight, Slim, comfortable......thanks"
5,Perefect for students
5,Good product. Very light weight processor is suitable to handle load other than gaming. Perfect for Students or Professional.
5,Very good product and nice looking
5,great value for money buy. 8 gb ram at this price is amazing. nice built quality.
5,Fantastic model price wise and absolutely suitable for teachers taking online classes.
5,I am very happy for this buying this item
5,Best performance and battery backup as expected 👍
5,Nice Product.......
5,"Amazing performance
Battery is very good. Camera is also good
But hitenig issues."
5,Niec
5,Thank you Flipkart
5,Ok ok
5,Very nice superb lap top
5,Best laptop for students. It’s been a year Since I bought this lap but still never get hang. When you power on It’s ready to use. That fast processor. Completely a student laptop
5,Worth for the money. Very rarely its getting hanged on multi tasking. Good one
5,Very good product for office use and for students best performance since 2 years.
5,"Nc laptop, super slim."
5,"I have been using this laptop since 2 weeks , i bought it for 53k and upgraded it to 16gb ram , the performance is top notch in this budget , rtx 2050 gives much better performance in games as compared to gtx 1650 or 1650ti. Build quality is awesome, thermals are descent, battery backup is average(we can't expect good battery backup from gaming laptops in this budget) , i do 4k editing in it and graphics designing and this laptop handles it smoothly, Best laptop in this budget 🛐"
5,Good Product in this price range but Battery and speaker need to improve ...
5,Great product at a great price looking for a gaming laptop under a good price this is a product for you
5,"The Product is quite good and was delivered safely. The product is a performance beast for the given price range. If you are opting for a low budget gaming beast, you should go for this laptop. The storage and RAM can be upgraded easily. If you upgrade the RAM to 16GB, there won't be any other issues."
5,Super Good 👍😊. Best To Buy At This Price Range
5,The battery life was as short-lived as my relationship. Listening to Arjit Singh songs on full volume since then still isn't getting over. Has more warmth than her. Unlike her there's two way communication here as touchpad is very responsible. Webcam is nice as it opens up to me. 5 stars for this -1 for her.
5,Best laptop from all this prise range laptops build quality good display is much better in this prise segment no hitting management is best no problem
5,Good speed awesome configuration love it.
5,BEST LAPTOP BUT BATTERY POOR
5,"Best features in reasonable price.
Value for money.
Light weight.
Best for study purpose."
5,valuable
5,"Sharing the feed back after using 15 days, 8gb Ram and SSD quite performing good, no hanging issue fund, heating issue in battery 🔋 if we use continues 2 to 3hours, it's 1.1Gzh speed in discription mentioned has 2.6 Gzh speed, overe all value for money."
5,"Dell has long been known for producing reliable and high-performing laptops, and their latest range continues to impress. Here's why Dell laptops are a solid choice for both professionals and casual users:

1. Strong Build Quality: Dell laptops are built to last. Whether it's their entry-level models or high-end versions, the craftsmanship feels solid, with sturdy hinges, durable frames, and premium materials. This ensures that your laptop can handle everyday wear and tear with ease.

2. Powe...
READ MORE"
5,It's very good and classic.
5,Overall a good buy with all latest specs. Ideal for office use
5,Valuable and Nice product
5,Nice battery and super display
5,"The Asus ROG Ally is a beast of a handheld console, delivering seamless gaming experiences on the go. The AMD Ryzen Z1 extreme processor and 16GB RAM ensure lag-free performance. The display is stunning, with crisp graphics and vibrant colors.


Conclusion:
The Asus ROG Ally is an excellent choice for gamers seeking a powerful, portable console.
While battery life is a drawback, the overall experience makes it well worth the investment.

Recommendation: Highly recommended for gamers on-the-go."
5,"Very nice handheld.
Most of the games run smooth, handy controls, and a nice display."
5,amazing product.
5,so far so good. received as expected. only thing is the unit looked dirty even though it is new one.
5,"Performance is excellent but battery life is short, although overall it is good."
5,Working as perfect but comes to battery life need to improve the battery backup.
5,Excellent product but the battery backup can be improved
5,"It's the most compact, practical and value for money handheld device I have ever seen."
5,It's great for editing and heavy usage
5,Awesome product I very loved it and I prefer everyone who is searching best laptop in this price range. 👍
5,"All Good 👍 but battery 🔋 normal used mix 3 hours , For 49k we are happy with this product"
5,"Best Gaming Laptop under 50k. Good Performance, Good Display Quality and Nice Keyboard."
5,This laptop is value for the money however speaker quality should have been better. Rest all good
5,awesome laptop it's value for money it's only down side is battery backup low and when not in charge it lag so i would recommend to use this laptop on charging
5,It takes a long time to deliver.. But the laptop is good.. great design.. overall performance is great.
5,"Awesome laptop go for it without any doubt, it's value for money on this price"
5,"When you are laptop user , office 365 is very important for u to use Excel, word etc , but you will get all this with this laptop . If you want to connect your bluetooth home theatre to enjoy songs then this will not disappoint you in connectivity.

I'm happy that it has 256 GB inbuilt heavy storage and 8 GB Ram . It's suitable for students and office users . Not good for gamers. Alexa's experience will surprise you by its prompt actions . You will get one month antivirus protection. The weig...
READ MORE"
5,Performance is really good... All are good Except Battery... Normal Usage battery Comes 3 hrs but heavy usage times it comes Maximum 2 hrs ...
5,Just wow
5,Great gaming experience for that budget
5,Value for money product....
5,Loved it ☺️
5,RGB working fine and game testing awsm
5,"Value for money product, best budget gaming laptop"
5,Good performance....
5,Video quality is awesome. but audio speakers is not good.
5,loved it😍
5,Good product..u can go for it
5,"Nice product, value for money"
5,"Moreover the product is good for a price range of 50k-55k, you might not be able to play the latest games but older games run smoothly, tested. Display is a big plus. Resolution is good and quality as well. The performance is not bad with 8GB, if you need more speed you can upgrade the ram. SSD definitely gives a boost in performance. The only drawback I observed after using the device for 2 weeks, the speakers are not good quality but if you connect external speakers the sound is good enough...
READ MORE"
5,"This is best laptop in this price range, after using 3 months I am adding this review. Go for it.."
5,Super paisa wasul laptop
5,Definately a good laptop from Asus
5,This product is good. I think you should go through the product. I purchased for my accounting purpose
5,Till now it is very smooth and working fine
5,"Hands down the best handheld console till date.
1.Feels good in the hand and the display is pretty good, though kinda wished they had opted for an OLED panel.
2. Performance is on par with gaming laptops in the range.
3. Battery life could've been better, or a battery pack kinda accessory would be nice.
4.Only one USB C port I mean you'll need an external dock if you wanna charge and access an external storage."
5,Good product .but a disadvantage is that there are no doc charger available
5,"A great device in deed, if you have extra money and intended to buy a gaming on the go i would recommend this.

Pros :
- Great process
- Good memory
- I feel its egronomics is better that steam deck
- Good screen and color saturation
- Windows feel like table in this device as of touch screen
- Variable power options for boosting FPS
- Time to time software updates and firmware updated via armoury crate
- Play from various gaming sources like xbox app , steam , epic store , ubisoft , EA ...
READ MORE"
5,Awesome product and value for money
5,"great gaming pc under 40k
no one can give you this much fps in this price"
5,Such a beautiful and amazing piece of tech Rog ally is. I am thoroughly enjoying my purchase. I am glad I sold my laptop to buy this handheld.
5,"The price to which ROG Ally (Extreme) has dropped makes it a truly value-for-money product. I have most consoles and a good gaming laptop. Yet, ROG Ally finds a prominent place.
Gaming laptops are heavy and you can not carry them around very comfortably.
But this one is just around 600 grams, and perfect when you just want to sit on the bed and start playing without disturbing anyone.
I usually play games at 30 fps and sometimes will just stick to 720 fps to conserve battery. The smaller scre...
READ MORE"
5,"Awesome Ally
Mainly For Busy Gamers"
5,"Everything is good but the Audio isn't loud enough, but wait who cares"
5,Nice Product
5,"Got this laptop last week, performance is good and light weight, easy to carry. Charger also small in size to carry easily 😁"
5,"Giving this review after 3 day of use .It comes with all the features given in the details.it is running smoothly 4-5 application together.battery backup is upto 5-6 hours while running continuesly . Display is average type negetive from downside and whitish from upper side . Sound quality is good but not so loud other mobile phones have much louder speaker then this . No heating issue after heavy use of Photoshop, AutoCAD, fl-studio and internet running for 1 hour..."
5,Awesome product
5,"Lenovo IdeaPad Ryzen 5 Hexa Core 5500U - (16 GB/512 GB SSD/ WIN 11 Home) is excellent ( this is equalent of Intel i5 10th gen).
16GB RAM, sleek design and powerful enough of generic use(office/students), not for Gaming.
Includes MS office 2021 is also nice.
Batter 4-5 + hours with out exaggeration.
Display 300Nits is better than HP similar variant(250 nits).
Flikpar delivered next day afternoon for Bangalore folks. It's great."
5,Classic and elegant design !! Fast and responsive !!
5,Best in this segment 👍
5,"I love this product,worth for money, mainly performance absolutely perfect and design build quality everything is nice
Thank you filpkart."
5,This laptop is good for everyday use but one thing is Notable is battery life thay say 9 hours but after 5 hours running use battery get down to bellow 20% over all good product and also no back light keybord.
5,"I am really very happy .I bought may first laptop,
Thank you flipkart.
And you thanks for read my reviews.


SATISFIED !!!!!!"
5,"Proformance is good!
16 gb ram is enough....!
Display is good!
Battery is ok ok...👀
Rgb are good...!
Value for money...

A minimal heating issue is their...

The rtx 2050 goes upto 50 Watt tgp as I shown while playing red dead redemption 2 and the gpu usage in showing 100%

But the issue is... When we use it without plugging the charger the performance degrades... And it is visible... On normal day to day tasks... It seems to be laggy...

But within this price range... 50k this product is va...
READ MORE"
5,"Few Things
1. Buy 8gb ram and upgrade to 16 gb by adding 8gb dual channel ram its better than 16gb.
2. GTA 5 Very High - 80-100fps
3. Valorant - 180 - 220 Very High
4. Screen Quality is good
5. Screen is bright enough for everything."
5,Very good 😊😊😊
5,Superb laptop 🔥
5,As expected Tuf for gaming .!.!
5,"For me, it's at its peak"
5,The must buy laptop if you want full packed laptop then this is the one you need i didnt face any issue with this one sometime it appears black screen that's irritated I think because of heat overall great 👍
5,I love this laptop It had very nice packing and also good performance on top of that the design is lovely overall very great product thanks to Asus and Flipkart 🤩☺️
5,Everything is perfect including 17 inch screen which is damm killer for this laptop. It's just heavy in weight and battery backup is around 3-4
5,"Good looking pc with RGB lit keyboard .
Overall a good gaming pc at this price."
5,"Full loaded all in one
Value for money, very nice laptop . upar cabinet is not attractive . Battery is powerful, screen very soft but audio speakers is very low strength"
5,High performance machine with great looks
5,Great hand held gaming
5,Except battery everything is awesome
5,"Amazing. Battery wise you can't expect much since any gaming device will consume battery, but if you use it wisely maybe on 15 -20w most of the time, you can get better backup. Rest everything is perfect so far. Got it at all time low price, worth it, value for money."
5,"Pros:
Good performance
Decent build quality
Nice design

Cons:
No backlit keyboard
Poor viewing angle
No SD card slot

If you have a tight budget and performance is a priority, then you should consider it."
5,"In my opinion excellent lap good display,good sound quality, excellent battery packup and also good performance... And also it comes in i5 12 gen .
So very smooth but if your choice for gaming this is not that type playing casual games and it's mainly for the study material.so in my point of view its a excellent laptop loved it ❣️"
5,It's a good performing laptop but it doesn't provide ips panel.. although other features give a full budget friendly option for us.
5,BETTERY PERFORMANCE VERY VERY BAD
5,"Great working, easy to carry, light weight."
5,Best laptop at this cost
5,"Overall Good Windows handheld gaming device.At initial setup it is must to connect the charger connected to a UPS , because if power is disconnected in between setup we need to do the windows setup again. It's a different experience with the device. The battery backup is average other than that there's no issues. It's not a problem for me. Thanks Flipkart."
5,"Best handheld devices

Battery 🔋 is the only drawback"
5,"Flipkart gave a lightning fast delivery
To be honest was little bit nervous for this expensive thing
Its a portable PC within it
Superbly good for travellers who love gaming and for normal gaming stuff too
Pair it with a controller and its a pc that can be your PlayStation
Overall awesome
Recommend buying an SD card of 1 TB so that you get seamless space for multiple beefy games"
5,"This has performed beyond my expectations. If you are confused between Steamdeck and Rog Ally, go for this as this is All in one pocket gaming machine."
5,"I always wanted something like this for a long time and since steam deck is not officially sold in India this is the next best thing. It can play all PC games with ease, and you can play for hours (if the charger is plugged in) since it's easy to hold. The display and speakers are so amazing, and I don't think you can find a gaming laptop for the same price that offers the same experience. There were a few times I looked around the room to see where the sound was coming from, yes, the surroun...
READ MORE"
5,Great laptop. Ips display is of very high quality. Featured packed asus tuf with full customisation.
5,"Best laptop for high GPU work like editing, gaming, data science and machine learning etc,but battery draing some fastly,but it's great."
5,Veryy very capable laptop🔥only downside is the display bake everything is perfect.😁super satisfied😁🔥
5,"It is great, value for money..❣️"
5,"Thank u Flipkart for wonderful product, just loved it"
5,👍👍👍 great product
5,"Review after 15days use

1.performance good...
2.Battery backup is also enough about 5-6hours rough use
3. Windows 11 amazing working
4. All over good at this price
5. Build quality average

Best leptop only 2things missing

1.Finger print and
2.matalic body"
5,Great laptop but battery backup is arround 3 hrs
5,I am very happy
5,Everything is great but battery should have improved
5,besides battery backup everything is good
5,Good 😉Quality ✅
5,This price range best laptop
5,Nice I like it
5,"Overall asus tuf A15 is good for any type of work. Like multiple tasks and gaming etc...,
But is one that is disappointed that it is a battery backup. Battery backup is really not good. Otherwise if you use this laptop in charging connect then you enjoy full potential."
5,Best laptop value for money good display and gaming is best
5,The ASUS ROG Ally is a powerful gaming console that offers top-notch performance with a stunning display and exceptional performance
5,Super comfy... Dreams come true for every gamer ❤️
5,"A powerful handheld device capable of running all AAA titles, batter backup is not great but the performance on this is top notch"
5,"Great one for this price.
Plz go for this without any doubt.
Can run any game
Woooow"
5,Just mind-blowing experience compared to steam deck output capacity
5,Love it
5,"If you have that budget no doubt go for this, Steam deck, nintendo or any other handheld can never compete to Rog Ally"
5,"Even though this machine is 1st generation but it offers fantabulous performance.
It's new architecture Apu is awesome, in almost 90 percent of games I get avg of 50 to 60 fps more over it's portable i can carry it anywhere.

Best thing about this device I can do even coding also literally,since its a windows platform you can do whatever you want with it, like you do with a windows laptop or a pc.

If you watch movies and you you do browsing and all literally you can get 7 to 8 hrs of backup...
READ MORE"
5,"Great Product, Really enjoying since its arrival
Thank you Asus"
5,"The product itself is amazing. The only issue is that the OS isn't optimised for a handheld console. I hope that in the future we get more updates that streamline the OS for a better experience. Performance is great, no complaints there, the battery life isn't a lot but it's expected for the price. I'll recommend buying it only if you already have a laptop or a PC and a console. If this is your first gaming device, I'd recommend buying a PlayStation 5 instead."
5,"Absolute level.
Only con in my opinion is it's battery."
5,"The product is amazing. This review is after using the Ally for 2 weeks. Runs all my games really well, and avg 45 FPS at mid settings easily. Batter life is short about 1 hour of intense gameplay, which is in no way bad considering the performance. Out the box, I experienced some performance issues and crashes, but all of them went away after a few system updates. Now runs smooth as butter."
5,"Initial impression is positive. It's quite good at what it's made for. I am still learning it as it's my first Windows handheld. Battery life is as good as new laptop so only time will tell.

Will post here for any update/issues."
5,Genuinely speaking i can never judge its true potential as i work on laptop for research purpose but i needed a powerful one as software rendering is somehow plays a main part to my project. Really fast and reliable. Thanks to flipkart for safe delivery.
5,"Absolutely Beast...Just Go for🔥
PROS:)
1. SUPERB DISPLAY 1900*1200 WUXGA DISPLAY
2. GREAT BUILD
3. BATTERY LIFE WITH 7-8 HOURS ON NORMAL USAGE
4. I7 13TH GEN PERFORMANCE IS LIT
5. TOO MANY PORTS FOR FUNCTIONAL USAGE
6. MUX SWITCH AND RGB LIGHTING IS AWESOME
7. GREAT THERMALS WITH FASTEST FANS
8. VERY VERY LOUD SPEAKERS

CONS:(
LOW QUALITY WEBCAM 720P

NO DOUBT, THE BEST LAPTOP UNDER 1.3L"
5,"Just awesome.... Liked everything about this laptop. Thermals are superb. Gaming is like butter smooth, Screen is amazing, battey is good. Just one thing sound little on lower side... It's decent but compare to HP it's low. But it's totally ignorable as I have always used headsets."
5,Playing all nee AAA titles games in 60 fps in ultra settings good processor and graphics card I'm happy with the purchase...this is a future proof lap..
5,"The best you can get, simply amazing!"
5,Worthy deal. A all rounder laptop. Will update again after using 1 year. ❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
5,"If you are looking for the best budget laptop for top performance, this laptop is a perfect fit. I got it at the best price. However, one thing is that it battery runs little small .i love it. This is made for performance lovers."
5,Excellent thermals in this laptop. Also the performance is decent.
5,Absolute beast
5,"Solid build and a great product overall, compared with LOQ and Omen and found this one to be better to my liking."
5,I am so happy with product and Flipcart
5,"Just complain with the battery... Other all the features of this laptop are great !! I bought this laptop for coding, 3D and gaming... Till now there hasn't been a single problem with anything... This laptop is an absolute beast !! 100% recommended for the"
5,This laptop is working very smooth and fine and performance is great. There is no problem while you play games on ultra settings and doing high performance task . Thank you acer and Flipkart for providing this wonderful piece.
5,Very good product for all purpose work. No lack of design and performance. I have been working for one month.
5,"Awesome Laptop
Actually I had switched from i3 3rd Gen laptop to this i7 13th gen so the performance is way higher than I even imagine . And in Big Billion Day sale I was able to get this laptop in very low price as I replaced my old laptop.
1. Screen is amazing with this 165 hz refresh rate.
2. I/O ports are more than enough in day to day life use.
3. Battery life is also good ( as it's new laptop will see, and it's in calibration mode).
4. Bro i7 13th gen and with the RTX 4050 is like Rock...
READ MORE"
5,"It's a good pc but a little bit on a heavier side , there are some hicups in the experience but overall it's good , just for the gaming it's a good choice cpu and GPU temp remain under 80 always no matter how long you play"
5,Excellent performance but keep an eye on Battery percentage...it drains quickly
5,Excellent Product. ........
5,Nicee performance just u need to change for settings
5,"Loved the lap !!
--------
Great performance, decent display , good build quality and design
--------
Low audio output and camara quality
--------
Worth it!! Value for money 🤑"
5,Absolute master piece for this price point
5,"Performace is beast
Desplay is very nice it's similar to oled
Battery is decent
Build quality really good
Speaker is decent
Webcam is poor 720p
All ports are available
Micro sd slot also available"
5,"This gotta be the best laptop to buy in the segment. The screen, the performance, the aesthetics is just god tier, heck watchin adult videos in it is like doing the thing but without doing it. Straight up GAS Laptop go for it"
5,"Everything is excellent, no idea about the negative feedback below but I got the best manufactured products, No regrets, go with it.

Reviewed after using for one month."
5,It's a really great leptop graphic is awesome 😎
5,Genuine product ✨️
5,Simply to put the best in every aspect .
5,"Very Good Laptop for Hard Working . 💪😄
All over performance is better than other brands ."
5,Awesome laptop with better performance
5,No words to say.. Just Amaizing
5,Loveed it very powerful laptop in this price rage and i got it in new year offer at 90k must if you are looking for a powerful laptop cooling is way too good but make some noise when you use it on max fan turbo mode is for gaming and shows no lags on high end gaming it is somewhat heavy and design is amazing
5,Very good laptop and best gaming laptop in the budget. Must buy 👍👍
5,Great Gaming laptop 🔥🔥
5,"Loved it, value for the money ( buy only during sale)
Looks very cool with the metal back and blue accent when compared to other laptops In the segment. Performance as advertised.. 👌

Specific things to know before buying:
1) fingerprint magnet! ( buy lamination or skin)
2) very loud... Yeah it feels like it's raining outside when in turbo mode... But it also cools very well.... 230w of power after all...💪
3) Bluetooth issues when connecting to lower bt version devices...
4) heavy

Defini...
READ MORE"
5,"Great gaming laptop!
Everything about this laptop is just great. Battery life is not great but that's not a surprise considering it's a gaming laptop. Really good WUXGA display with 165 Hz refresh rate. Thermal efficiency of this laptop is on another level. Build quality is good enough but it could be much better. Overall great experience."
5,This is amazing laptop I have good experience to this product.
5,Good laptop for gaming.superb thermal system
5,Best in segment 👌
5,"Great product, overall quality and experience are all too good.
Most value for money product.

PS. Not sure how it will work in long run."
5,Superb one... over expectation nice backlite modes
5,Met to my expectations
5,Very good laptop can run any games fine easily upgradable good costumer service ore loaded windows 11 minor screen bleeding good keyboard rgb good trackpad good battery life 10 sec or less starting time nice speakers gives 4K output on TV but bad camera also less no of ports must buy and extender 512 go full only by installing after effects photoshop premier pro obs Gta v minecraft and cyberpunk
5,"Why buy Acer Predator Helios Neo 16 Intel Core i7 13th Gen

⚫ NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4050 graphics

that offers next level of gaming

exepriance Intel Core i7 13700HX 13th Gen

processor for fast performance 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD ROM to store all of your data and provide a smooth user experience

High-performance laptops like the Acer Predator Helios Neo 16 Intel Core i7 13th Gen are made for both professionals and gamers. This laptop can run even the most demanding apps without a problem thanks t...
READ MORE"
5,"Good product
Can be used for gaming on performance mode but fans are very loud on turbo mode"
5,Absolute beast. Go for it
5,Amazing laptop you should really go for it
5,I've survey ever windows handheld console that can be bought in India and this is one of the best gaming handheld that operate windows at this price range because unlike steam deck it can run windows by default and can even play all your favorite crack AAA game with offline by free. The only downside is the battery but you can play while plug in by enabled conservation mode.Go for it.....
5,What a brilliant device ! I had initial hiccups of windows as usual with any windows device but post update and minor tweaks this runs like a beast 🔥
5,Best specs for the money!
5,Really enjoying the handheld
5,Mind blowing performance 🎭
5,"Very good device, no need to carry heavy gaming laptop from now on. Enjoying playing games on the go."
5,Received as per the delivery period from Flipkart (Open box delivery). Device takes about an hour to set up and update to current drivers. Great performance. Battery life could be better for the price point. Many websites offer the best configuration to play certain games so do check to find ideal tested settings
5,"Great gaming console.. but it's like a mini pc too, which is very useful..all the Windows software can be installed in it. And there is no need to carry a laptop. You can use it as an alternative. The only problem is the battery, but if you plug in and use it, then that'ss not a big problem."
5,Very well maintained and designed product...#ASUS rogally
5,"Excellent device, completely changed the way I can game, either as a handheld or on desktop mode( separate hub needed)."
5,Wow. Tried a dozen games and many big AAA games. This thing is just amazing. Can easily go 40fps on high settings. That too 1080p. Incredible power.
5,Happy with the purchase
5,"Great machine to play games. Even GTA V runs well.
But you can also buy Xbox Series X or PS5 for much less price."
5,"To anyone considering purchasing the ROG Ally:

Let me start by saying that this device is absolutely incredible, and I'm about to tell you why. Firstly, imagine being able to play all your favorite AAA games from the comfort of your bed or sofa, with outstanding visual quality. It's like a gaming miracle!

Sure, it's not as simple as plug and play like a PSP or Nintendo device, but trust me, it's so much more. It's a powerhouse gaming laptop that fits right in your hands, allowing you to...
READ MORE"
5,"Best Laptop For its Price range
This is a beast when it comes to performance"
5,"Fantastic product. The display is like wow, battery ok ok and sound quality is good if bluetooth earphones/speaker were used."
5,"Nice product crombook this acer ,🥰🥰🥰💪💪❤️❤️❤️😍🥰🥰🥰✔️✔️✔️💯💯💯💯💯💯"
5,It's so good
5,Good conditions
5,"thanks for Flipkart, but heating 😞."
5,"Product is just Amazing 💗 ,excellent packaging with Excellent performance ,
And Battery backup perfect👍, Sound is also good ,
And Dezine is awesome 🥳 and Value about money.
Very much satisfied with the product..."
5,The product is very good but the camera was dirty and privacy was not secure but the laptop is good. And the laptop is very fast and durable but I was not worry to Chromebook apk downloader
5,"Product is best, to money according and for me best ❤️"
5,In this price range this product is awesome 👌🏻 specially for beginners
5,"I think laptop is really good because of design, thermal and performance. I am happy with Flipkart delivery safe and secure.
I am happy buying this laptop ."
5,Value for Money product
5,"good, Value for money and nice for studies and classes"
5,Good for normal day to day works. Battery capacity is also good. Go for it 👍
5,Nic product
5,Over-all good product in this price range..
5,very highly power full device its proformence is amazing too good of that price and chrom os is good of student ....
5,"The Acer Predator Neo 16, with its Intel i7 13th Gen 13700HX processor and RTX 4050 graphics card, is a gaming powerhouse.

Pros:

Exceptional gaming performance.
Stunning 16-inch 4K display.
Premium design with RGB keyboard.
Efficient cooling system.
Impressive audio quality.

Cons:
High price point.
Moderate battery life.
Low Quality webcam
If you're a serious gamer looking for top-tier hardware, the Neo 16 is a top choice. It offers incredible gaming experiences and a premium design, but i...
READ MORE"
5,"This is the beast gaming laptop. Performance of the laptop is top notch . I have played gta 5 at 160 fps, call of duty black ops 6, fifa 23 , ww2 cod, and many other heavy games on it but without any lag the laptop performs and thermal technology used in this laptop helps it to cools it down . It's a much heavy laptop also the quality of keys of it's keyboard is not much good it's average quality. Overall this is value for money 💀"
5,Overall performance is great but little battery backup problem
5,Best laptop in the price segment.
5,Product is awesome and matel body but around the camera covering used plastic quality is very cheap
5,Performance is good and design is also good
5,Very good laptop for study and office work
5,"Value for money 😘😘😘😘
Thank you Flipkart"
5,Nice I am Happy
5,Super nice
5,Just go for it. Worth it in 2024.n
5,So far so good! Will review my experience after few months.
5,Awesome laptop with killer specs! Delivery and packaging were good too. Thanks Flipkart!
5,Looks awesome 🔥
5,Very good product.I am fully satisfied and happy to have it.
5,incredible
5,Best choice
5,Best product you can get around 1Lakh
5,"I love it, it's soo cute and personal and knowing I can do anything on it makes it a great product. Yes the battery isn't great but beyond that, it's a great computer under 40k. A Samsung tab as a monitor and a Bluetooth keyboard really elevates the experience. If you want a pure toy, Go for it."
5,"The product is awesome, only battery is the main problem, which will be removed in 'rog ally x' i hope, and thanks flipkart, fully new sealed product i got within time."
5,Awesome Product
5,"EXCELLENT, OVER AND ABOVE MY EXPECTATIONS!!!!!"
5,"Excellent performance
Battery life is bad but that's to be expected
Been playing cyberpunk 2077 on it without any lag
Be careful of the SD card slot being right behind the exhaust vent hence gets too hot"
5,A great product. Beautiful screen and I have loved gaming on this thing. Controls and ergonomics are also superb. Go for it. One of the best gaming devices I have ever played on.
5,There is a lot of lag in most of the games. I think I made a mistake and should gone for laptop instead
5,"Got it perfectly by the delivery date packaging was Good.. Had a little using while updating all the softwares, not a big deal though it was my first time experinced, Butafter completed i must tell this device is a beast it was my dream to have a hand held console device with powerful specs having z1exteme chip.. The product is genuine the seller is also genuine.. Can play easily AAA games Dont think Just Go for it If you are looking for a portable powerful device to run gales all the time.."
5,In terms of performance just WOW 🤯.. price is lil higher side. Performance is way higher than Steam Deck..
5,"An absolute beast of a handheld console. I barely review products online but this one has really impressed me. It's absolutely crazy to see high end games run on a handheld and look and run this good. Most recent games comfortably run with medium -high settings at 1080p between 30-60fps. The display is nothing short of amazing with sound quality to match. By far the best sounding speakers I've ever heard on a portable handheld device. The battery might be disappointing for most but is totally...
READ MORE"
5,Very nice and excellent performance 💯👏
5,"Worthy of 50k, for playing almost all games on a freaking handheld.
This review is written after 3 months of purchase.

Definitely needs to be tinkered with for maintaining battery backup, but can provide solid performance on demand. I have started Horizon Forbidden West play through recently and it works albeit with some tinkering on settings.

Buy a 65W power bank+cable and you can almost 2.5x the battery life easily."
5,Nice product thanks Flipkart 🙏🏻🙏🏻
5,Beautiful
5,Better lap exlent speed👍👍👍👍
5,Best in this segments
5,"Beast machine for Gaming and also for editing
Good build with good looks

Only cons is it has no cons at that's price"
5,It is a good system for studying...
5,"Good Laptop 💻
Amazing Laptop
I am happy 😊"
5,Very good Laptop Thank you Flipkart
5,"Using this laptop for past 2 months, it works perfectly smooth and good. One thing that surprised me is, you don't have to press a start button to boot up. It will automatically boot up when you open the laptop."
5,In this price products was osm.... Go fr it...
5,"Best budget laptop for utility purpose. Suits small tasks like web browing, video streaming, learn coding etc. Build quality is better than expected. Battery life is average (3-4 hours)."
5,excellent product
5,Good laptop nd best price
5,Value for money 👍
5,Extremely best
5,🙂👌👍🤟Excellent laptop wow
5,Already three days using this laptop so far it's very good.. thankyou Flipkart..
5,Best Laptop For Students and Not Designed For Gaming Not Used For High Tasks 👍
5,On time delivery exact product thank you
5,Awesome pics
5,Nice and A-1 laptop
5,Very good laptop 💻 Thank you Flipkart
5,Awesome laptop... Thnk you flipcart
5,Good 👍 product
5,"Awesome 👍👍 👍💯. Best product lovely...Thanks to Flipkart, seller and the delivery person...."
5,Every thing is well
5,Very nice product😌😍❤️
5,value for money
5,"Best of value
Prizes 🥳 🏆 thanks 👍 for best amazing 🤩 product 😁 company meded"
5,Battery backup very good approx 9-10 hours. Display also good . I am happy thank you acer company. At the last value for mo
5,Very nice laptop 💻💻
5,"Working Very Nice
Battery Back also Good"
5,Good products thanks flipkart
5,Everything works well..Just perfect..Go for it.
5,This is too good
5,"Ordered on 7th, received on the very next day.. super fast delivery. Seller is genuine and also the product. No complaints. A product of future. In search of incredible - truly remarkable product by ASUS. Battery can be improved, the only drawback. HAPPY GAMING!!!"
5,It's far better than other budget gaming laptops belive me guys this is even more powerful than rtx 2050 and some low power rtx 3050 cards. Damm Ryzen Z1 Extreme is way powerful also equal to i7-12th gen or above. This is the best mini windows PC. You can add dock station and use it as gaming PC.
5,"Great product, powerful machine that works well for most AAA games"
5,"Product is good , price is bit high , sd card slot is worse but if we use sd card through otg type c it works but inbuilt sd card slot gives a problem highly disappointed by it , performance is quite good if game is well optimised , good for playing aaa titles presents till now not recommended for upcoming high end game titles"
5,Superb product. Go for it .
5,- as of now the device is performing as expected. It's absolutely a revolutionary hand held device (except for the battery backup). However it is recommended to buy it on sale as asus rog ally x is already launched. Also please note that you might get expired warranty status on registering the product. You will have to upload invoice details to get a correct waranty status on asus website.
5,"Other than the battery life I have not found any other issues. Can play everything I have thrown at it. Really impressed how such a small device can throw out so much of power. Also, playing some games on low or medium settings does not hamper the quality of the games. You can still play it on high settings but on this screen they all look good. If you wanna conserve battery then do some tinkering, find a mix of medium to low settings of games and then enjoy. Otherwise connect the charger, go...
READ MORE"
5,"The MSI Thin 15 is a well-rounded laptop that balances performance, portability, and price. While not perfect, it's an excellent choice for those seeking a slim, powerful, and feature-rich laptop with Rtx 2050 45W"
5,Very good lap
5,NICC PRODUCT VALUE FOR MONEY
5,"Battery 10/8
Display 10/9
Gaming 10/7
Work for money 10/8
All the best"
5,"Best laptop on this budget Great value , Having dedicated 4gb graphics card with i5 13th gen .
Screen as best resolution also body of the laptop seems good build structure overall good laptop to buy for normal to heavy use."
5,Very good..decent priduct
5,"Got it previous week... It is a great laptop but i had some issue with my Unit but the customer service helped me to fix it within a week...Soo, It was good after sale service ig"
5,"Best Budget Gaming Laptop

Laptop looks are good.
The performance is very impressive.
Display quality is THE BEST in this budget segment.
Battery backup is around 2.5 to 3 hrs only.
I always use it on charging for the best performance.
Cooling is also good, lots of openings given under the laptop for cooling."
5,I saw many bad reviews about the laptop on the internet but trust me after using it for a few days I am absolutely satisfied with this laptop and you couldn't get a better laptop at this price range.So just buy it without
5,"Loved it but a little bit slow while doing heavy tasks.
Perfect for coding
Perfect for college and school students.
Everything is up to the mark according to the price."
5,Nyc product value of money
5,Looking is good but slow working
5,Superb 👍
5,Satisfied 👍🏻👍🏻
5,Product is good but delivery was too late from Flipkart
5,Best product 😉......
5,excellent
5,Good 👍😊
5,Best Laptop under this price range 👍
5,Value for Money!
5,If you are looking for a cool stylish laptop just go for it…very smooth touch stylish looks and great design will give you a business tycoon type of feeling..
5,Cool
5,i manage dont worry i accepted this becouse my all data save in this laptop
5,Very good product thanks you Flipkart
5,Its Good electronic product thank u Flipkart
5,So far good
5,So nice
5,Value for money...
5,Beautiful pictures
5,Excellent laptop in comparison with price range. Very good for general office/student usage. After 06 months of usage I didn't feel any difficulties with it. Thanks to Filpkart and Lenovo.
5,Thanks filpkart for fast delivery.... leptop Review after using that...
5,"its features are very nice and great it has 8gb ram and 256gb SSD windows 11 home screen and very light laptop and its weight is 1.80kg and MS office 2010 is very sign and lively it is very fun to run and its features It is also very good thank you flip kart the price is a bit high but it is good according to that.

THANKS FLIPKART AND FLIPKART TEAM."
5,Super 👌
5,This price range it’s super…..
5,"This product is amazing. I have no complaints about the performance and display. Intel i5 is a very sufficient processor in this price bracket.
This laptop targets customers who do not care about brand value. I don't know how about the after sell service of colorful but now the laptop is very good at this point.

Pros:-
1. Intel i5 12 gen.
2. Nvidia RTX 4050 6 GB (140W)
3. Display with 100% sRGB
4. DDR5 Ram

Cons:-
1. Some heating issues."
5,"I recently purchased this colorful laptop and have been thoroughly impressed with its performance and features. The laptop has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use. The laptop's display was clear and vibrant, offering excellent color accuracy and sharpness. Gaming performance is also outstanding with rtx4050. Battery backup around 2.5 to 3 hours but also considered it's gaming laptop."
5,"It's an opportunity for me to have it, thanks COLOURFUL 👍
The screen produces accurate colours, paradise for gamers, with little screen bleeding issue.
I5 12500h teamed up with Rtx 4050 6gb is a monster.
Far cry 6 in ultra settings produces avg 92fps easily in entertainment mode and 111fps in performance mode.
Yes a common heating issue is present, I solved it with a cooling pad.
Best bye ever 👍"
5,"Brilliant price to performance laptop. The best budget laptop period. Display is amazing. Battery is ok. Performance is really good.I use it with cooling pad. Runs CP2077, Spiderman, all other heavy AAA titles with rtx on and fg/dlss giving 75 + fps. Very satisfying purchase."
5,I love how good this laptop is however i would recommend reapplying thermal paste for better heat management because its temperature while gaming is on a little higher side.
5,"Its been 2 weeks now, its performing quite good, good for mid range gaming."
5,"Amazing product
Gaming beast.... Display good....sound Ok....
Full Paisa wasool...
I'm playing... Gow ... horizen.. cyber punk...gta 5 .... Fps very high...

Termal is good ... But use cooling pad...

All over this price amazing laptop... no one can beat"
5,Excellent product just buy it. People keep on saying that colorful don't have brand value just F them it's a great lappy.
5,"Superb performance, great looks, don't fall for costlier branded laptops. This is better than most known brand's laptop"
5,Terrific purchase I got this with a heavy discount in sale. This laptop is beast in terms of performance and very useful in day to day usage. I have used it now almost 10 days and initial review is good. Battery is average and give 3-3.5 hrs of backup during normal use and will drain fast when you play games.
5,Best l
5,"The product is awesome. Have a metal sheet at the top lead. Get heated but manageable due to fast processor and GPU due to the single fan but the fan is of good quality and manages the heat.
Gaming performance is also good for budget and has an extra 1 ram slot and 2.5inch sata SSD/hdd slot for expansion overall love this product thanks msi."
5,"The ROG Ally has its quirks which are well documented in all the expert reviews but as a first shot at a powerful handheld gaming machine, it largely meets the expectations. The Ally needs thorough updating and some advanced fiddling initially but when it works, it works well. And given the flexibility of use it offers, it is a product easy to recommend.

The extent to which you can customise your experience through the combination of Windows and the Armoury Crate layer is impressive but the ...
READ MORE"
5,Very good 😊
5,Brilliant proformance 🔥
5,"So descent gaming laptop , everything is so good excellent in this gaming laptop."
5,Osm product mast laptop
5,"It is a good laptop in a good budget. Value for money.

The laptop has a sleek and modern design that is appreciated by users.

Performance is superfast and handles multiple tasks smoothly."
5,"As of now it's working very fine value for money but the battery is not good, and it is expected by a gaming laptop. So it's okay 👍"
5,"Performance was good, display, battery also good but look like lower build quality and design."
5,Best laptop under 50k
5,"The laptop is very good in looks I like the performance 😁 , must buy the product.
Best product of MSI ."
5,Best product at this price range...go for it
5,"Great product..
Thanks Asus
Thanks flipkart"
5,This is awesome. I love it
5,"My honest review after using it for 4months . My model is 8/256 and it is really value for money model. It fulfills your basic work related and student related requirements. And sometimes and can also used for gaming (not for high end games). Design is really fabulous. Battery is an issue, drain too fast. Other than this I believe it is value for money(mine is 27k).

Note : Will update the review after 6months."
5,Love it❤️
5,Product is best.but battery backup is low
5,Really love this product
5,"I love this brand. ASUS never disappoints. This is my second laptop from ASUS and as always it has super good performance.

Pros :

- Full HD display...crisp and clear.
- Except back panel, rest all parts metal
- Lightweight
- Premium design
- Boots to windows in just 5-7 seconds
- SSD, 11th gen processor and 3200MHz RAM...deadly combo.
-No lag experienced even with multiple heavy applications running together for more than 5 hours ( Android Studio, Adobe illustrator, NetBeans, Adobe Lightroo...
READ MORE"
5,"Very happy by getting this laptop.... It packed very nicely and performance are also very nice...
Affordable price.. just go for it... 🤘🤘🌟"
5,If your budget is low just go for it . Every thing is great except battery . It`s battery drain very fast it last upto 3 to 4 hours
5,"Very good product, value for money 😍😍"
5,"I am posting a review after using it for a month. Performance is excellent, working in very good."
5,I am happy💓💓
5,Nice u
5,"This is based on my personal opinion, for my purpose i choose this laptop and Flipkart to buy ,till now i using i am happy so i an giving 5 star rating, this is my first laptop."
5,"Good 👍👍👍,"
5,"I have been using this laptop for about 5-6 months now and only one thing i can say is its value for money. I just hope it should have come with 512 gb of ssd or maybe just extra 256hdd. Because 256 is quite less as you'd have to think twice before downloading or storing something. Other than that, I don't have any complaints."
5,Good product value for money. You can buy this it is usefull💕💕🥳🥳
5,Product is superb.. seller didn't give office 2021.. go for it
5,Its just flowless
5,it's look is superb
5,It's a great deal.
5,Best product must buy
5,Best laptop in this price range. Display quality can be improved.
5,Totally Worth For This Prize
5,"I had a MSI GL62M-7REX gaming laptop which I had purchased back in 2018. It came with the following specifications :
CPU : i7-7700HQ
GPU : GTX 1050 Ti
RAM : 8GB DDR4 2400 MHz Upgraded to 24GB DDR4 2400 MHz
Storage : 1TB HDD + 128GB SSD

It served me well for 6 years, but it was finally time to upgrade. I had my eyes on Asus TUF series gaming laptops for a while now. And so it didn't take long to make up my mind. This specific model comes with the following specifications :
CPU - i5-11260H
GPU...
READ MORE"
5,Best laptop in this prize range
5,"If you are looking for a beast in budget go for it without any second thought, I'm training machine learning modules, and opencv. It is working like a beast for me
Coming to Display it's ok in this budget
Coming to performance it's the best one
Charging is also moderately fine
Go for this if you are in 60k budget"
5,What a nice product at this price and go for it 👍👍
5,Super tuf gaming
5,"It was tough to choose a laptop within the budget. But Asus here gave a better deal than other brands. I would give it an over all 4.5/5 in this budget range. Though the Flipkart delivery was very late, it made my wife happy (bought it for her) as the laptop is super smooth and everything is configured priorly and was a hassle free unboxing. The 16gb ram with ddr4 and hexacore combo feels great to use. Well it's a review after using it for two days. Let's hope it is trustworthy and will not d...
READ MORE"
5,Great Value for Money
5,Overall product is nice. performance is another level.Display is good.
5,"wonderful laptop...
perfect for day to day work
ssd is very fast..... upto 381 MB /S write speed


go for it"
5,All good but one issue offices not added in laptop I say to seller please add Ms office for better experience I bought 22.9 thousand only.
5,Go for
5,All functions are very good and additional finger print
5,Wonderful device for study purpose and normal use and in budget.
5,Good laptop for everyday use. Loved the fingerprint unlocking system.
5,Overall good experience
5,"I am using this from last 1 month and this is great experience , it fullfill my all expectations , i am not a heavy user but is best for simple work"
5,"I buy at 23500, which is totally worth it. This one does not having a Backlit Keyboard. Value for Money product."
5,"Lovely product. Looks very premium and works smoothly. Small tasks like browsing and entertainment work very fine. Also multitasking is amazing. If u r looking for a budget laptop for study or making excel and ppt files or entertainment purposes, its the best."
5,Go
5,This product is very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very most important products
5,Laptop is Awesome 👍. All the apps is present in Google Play Store except PW (physics wallah).
5,Great pro
5,Good for light usage
5,"Worth every penny, my 8 year son is enjoying the laptop and using it effectively for his studies. All apps are working fine, super fast and much better and faster than windows laptop available in this price range"
5,Wow
5,nice Product for study
5,Good chromebook this price range
5,Awesome 😎👍😇
5,"Performance is good
Display has no wide viewing angle
Camera is ok
Fingerprint sensor is fast
Booting is fast
Keyboard is good"
5,Good product at this price
5,Amazing product and no damage on delivery
5,"Laptop is amazing.
Display quality is too good.
Battery life is 5 hours aprrox on basic work and heavy task 2 hrs ."
5,Bestt
5,"This is my first laptop. I personally like MSI a lot. Yes, this laptop is good value for money. The performance is very good. You can also make this laptop your first laptop. MSI is a very good brand. So definitely try out MSI's products once."
5,"I got msi thin 15 in just 37000 in sale,,best ever laptop value for money ,,,with 12th gen and rtx 2050 awesome gaming experience daily play hours of cricket 24 , video editing on Adobe and last awesome display and good speakers to enjoy movies and music with dts sound and 4k output just kill all other laptop in this segment"
5,Build quality 💪
5,"best laptop under 42k, Good for medium level gaming, display is good comes with anti glare screen,"
5,One of the best in the market
5,Smooth gaming...overall value for money
5,This is one of the best laptop in this price segment
5,Great product great value for money just buy during sales it gets bumper discount
5,Performance
5,"This laptop have very good features and good performance
Disign is also good"
5,Best laptop value for money 🥳
5,I purchase this one and it looks so cool and good by design
5,Good product. Value for money.
5,Another masterpiece from lenovo loved it😘
5,It is best product
5,New model but nice
5,you can go for it without any doubt and hesitation. just go for it and you'll be getting love.
5,Best Products 👌
5,Very good product for me
5,"The product is very good and value for money, very smooth with the refresh rate..."
5,One of the best value for money product best service by Flipkart thanks
5,Just under volt CPU and you'll be fine.
5,Best laptop for the price it has single chanel ddr4 3200mhz 16 gb ram 512 gb m.2 gen 3 SSD the two type c port don't support dp or pd it can be only used for high speed data transfer and can also be used for type c usb hub please use a good cooling pad for it while gaming for best performance. Graphic card max tgp 75w
5,The product is very nice
5,Everything is good about this laptop but the camera and battery can be better but the product is value for money
5,"I recently purchased a laptop and have been thoroughly impressed with its performance and features. The laptop has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use and carry around. The laptop's display was clear and vibrant, offering excellent color accuracy and sharpness.😇😊"
5,"The display is very nice.
Battery is good not bad.
Perfect for me for programming is awesome.
Design and build quality is nice.
Value for money. U can go for it"
5,Absolute value for money...👍
5,Product is good and light weight and fast processor nice to experience in msi laptop 💻
5,"Build quality is amazing
Valuable for the money
Keyboard is awesome."
5,"Got this for 42k. Trying MSI for the first time , laptop is really good for this budget. Handles everything very well."
5,"Value for money, design is good"
5,Very nice 💯
5,"Expected little bulky since it's a gaming laptop. But to my surprise it's weight is less and slick product.
Design wise good.
High performance Core i5 processor is the reason battery backup is less.
Nice display, visual treat.
4GB nVidia graphics.
Cost is affordable.
Know this MSI brand for a long time. Though they are new in India.
Good product."
5,"Product is as described, got at a great deal from Flipkart and honestly love it. Been a month using it, facing absolutely zero issues with ut"
5,"This is a very cool laptop, the performance is so good that it is very interesting this is so good that I don't have any laptop equal to this Msi thin core i5"
5,Best laptop budget ...good performance and fast delivery by flipkart
5,It is value for money
5,Worth it amazing laptop
5,Best In This Price Segment Laptop I Have Seen..........
5,"Perfect beast laptop
Pros :-
Good processor (4nm) and graphic card(95watts tgp)
Good Battery backup, stays long at eco mode (around 5hours+)
Loved the RGB keyboard
Mux switch is present in the hp omen gaming hub application
Nice display, colours are very good as well as brightness is also very good with 144hertz
Ms office 2021 for lifetime
Build is premium
Cons:- there is no such cons in this laptop although it feals little bit heavy

Overall a perfect laptop, I bought this for Android ...
READ MORE"
5,"I bought this laptop recently and I am very impressed by its performance and features. It has a powerful AMD Ryzen 7 processor of latest generation with powerful RTX 3050 Card.
Here I will not talk about on-paper specs but will be sharing my experience.


PROS
1. It has Powerful AMD Ryzen 7 Processor of 7000 series with 16DDR5 5600MHz and a powerful RTX 3050 6VRAM Card.
2. Now the hinges are 💯 sturdy with no wobble issue. It has been resolved completely.
3. Keyboard: Just Mindblowing. I wa...
READ MORE"
5,"Good design ,good performance,
Battery Okay. Tested with Unreal installation without charger appox 3.5 hr 100%to 44% . enough.
Good display.

Cons; no cons but go for 1TB . For graphics designer or gamer 512 GB will fill faster .

Funny fact : if you dont have fan in your room . You can turn on the Laptop"
5,"I have purchased this laptop during big billion days sale . I will definitely recommend you this product . It is a top notch quality product by HP. I have heard that 16 inch models got wobbling issues but I haven't found any wobbling in this product mayve they improved it in 2023 models even my dell laptop have far more wobbling than this.

Pros :
- Screen quality is good(it's not 100% sRGB) . If u feel screen is dull in Hybrid mode(default GPU mode in mux switch) than change your display to...
READ MORE"
5,"First impression is just awesome, nice packaging.
I am using this laptop around 16 days here my true review.
No screen wobbling like previous gen laptop.
CPU performance is just awesome Cinebench R23 single core score= 1763 and Multicore score= 16972 benchmark score is just like awesome.
Storage speed (TLC SSD) is way better than other gen 4 SSD (7000+ Mbps)
It also comes with 1 zone RGB keyboard lightning.
The only thing i don't like its own omen centre software, sometime didn't close whenev...
READ MORE"
5,"Been using for more than 3 months. I think it's the best mid range gaming laptop out there with the latest AMD processor and best specifications in this range. I do gaming at mid to high settings with ray tracing on and it delivers smooth experience, till now i have not seen any lagging."
5,Been using it for 3 months playing games doing multiple tasks at one time laptop never got stuck it was smooth.While heavy usage laptop get heated but omen cooling cools the laptop within minutes.The display of the Laptop is also very good compared to other's laptop.There is also privacy protection on camera you can use it when not using camera.
5,"Review after using for almost a Month, overall a good performing laptop.

Comes with single zone RGB customisable through the Omen gaming hub."
5,I am used this product in 15 days all are perfect value for money
5,Budget friendly.. decent laptop
5,"I am posting this review after using 30 days,
Everything is good but only heating issue while charging some times.other than everything is fine"
5,The best product
5,Super Product
5,Nice laptop he
5,Product is worth the money awesome but delivery arrival is too long
5,"Superr laptop ❣️
Speed no lag
Good battery life
Best Design looks like costly
Value for money
Go for it"
5,This product are very good
5,"Chromebook looking good
Battry good One mejor problem
Not good display i bought 1 day ago and I want sell tomorrow i don't like display"
5,"Nice 👍 product and very good battery performance
HD DISPLAY"
5,"Great and efficient, after using one day! Thank you Flipkart and Acer 🙏 anyone who is looking for learning anything personal use go for it, I haven't been using it in an official purposes, inform you after official use later on!"
5,Good for gaming
5,Very nice product 😃
5,"Super laptop, nice to use"
5,Excellent design and performance!!!!!
5,"Laptop was good 😊
Battery backup was normal 😲
Performance was also normal 😀"
5,"Best performance in this price range. 13th gen i5 with 4050 is good enough for 1080p ultra graphics gaming. Fans are a bit loud as they rotate at 8000rpm! But it keeps the temps low. 512gb SSD is a low storage if gaming is considered as games nowadays are min 40gb in size.

Packaging was good.

Overall, go for it if your budget is around 75k.
And don't forget to add another 16GB RAM and extra M.2 SSD for better performance. (Both slots are available)"
5,Value for money product good processor with good graphic card both gives better performance
5,Everything is good. But the speaker is the demerit
5,"Wonderful laptop, good working condition, performance is good, wonderful design but price is high."
5,Outstanding product.
5,Since after 3 months of use its motherboard having issues and get freezing sometimes and boot time increased 4 to 5 minutes
5,Looks Great in First Impression.
5,"It is a Great Gaming Laptop at this price. Recommend to install Windows 11 PRO version in the starting to unlock and use all its features as pre-installed Home version gives limited access to the Windows features.

Pros:
1. Gaming is smooth due to its 4GB 3050 Graphics if we play in recommended settings. (Played FIFA24, Cricket24, GTA5 without lag)
2. Backlit keyboard gives it a premium look.
3. Bigger display is an advantage for gaming and watching movies.
4. Speakers are fine as compared t...
READ MORE"
5,Very nice product hp victus i5 12ganretion gaming laptop
5,"It's best in budget , I like it's design and performance was too"
5,"Given features in the description find up to mark. Ultimate, superb"
5,"Nice products
The product build is awesome"
5,Best laptop gaming
5,This laptop is very good in this color especially for gaming and video editing. I liked this laptop. 🤙
5,Just go for it . This is a beast laptop at this price range . The best part is msi centre were you can control the performance and get the latest update . This is my first laptop and it works like dragon ⚡⚡
5,Good pri
5,Nice laptop I am so very happy
5,Best Quality
5,"Too good works better than whats it worth, also, it has 1 empty RAM slot, max ram is 64gb expandable, 1 slot has 8gb other one is empty, battery life is also decent, dont expect 10 hours backup on gaming, one empty slot of 2.5inch SATA SSD or HDD as well. Boots up fast, works really fast H series processors are at par with Desktop processors in performance and handling."
5,"You don't need anything else!!
Battery backup could have been much more but you can't expect much from a gaming laptop when it comes to the battery!

Please compare with Lenovo LOQ AMD7840 before buying"
5,It's really great
5,BEAST AT THIS PRICE
5,"Perfect budget gaming laptop. Could run almost every game I tried and could use SDXL to generate images at up to 1920x1080 using Automatic1111 and ComfyUI.
Bang for the buck without breaking the bank."
5,"Its worthy product with that price , excellence performance and easy tolp handle ....."
5,"Reviewing after 5 month , overall conclusion is best gaming laptop in budget with high performance"
5,Very very very very great
5,I like it but not much battery consumption is too high and hangs too much
5,perfect laptop in this price
5,This laptop is a good choice for gamers and developers. Little bit heavy laptop but other specs was very impressive. I really liked the product.🤝😄
5,Superior
5,"Win 11 pro in description, but got win 11 home , performance is very good."
5,good received this beast on 05/11/2024 i will share rest of the review after one month.
5,"its a very good product... Really impressed with the performance..The rgb keyboard is really class with looks..
performance wise its a beast...As the name suggests...TUF one..
Build quality is superb..The laptop is little heavy...bt Thts normal for the quality they provide.. Loving it.."
5,"Awesome laptop for daily tasks. Using for data analytics course, running smoothly. The battery is awesome.

Played gta 5 for around 3 hours on high settings, no lag, quality was superb.

Laptop screen appears to be a little less size compared to other same 15.6 inch screens.

Overall good laptop. It depends on personal preferences whether to buy or not"
5,Best value for money in this price range.Battery back up is too good approx 5 hours
5,So elegant so beautiful just looking like a wow 🤩
5,Great Laptop 👍I Found this laptop in BBD and ordered
5,Nice as expected
5,genuine seller and good packaging received next day
5,"Everything thing is good.
Consider it only when the price is 70k✔️"
5,"Worth every penny! (Neither you or me have the time for long paragraphs).

PROS-

1.TOP NOTCH PERFORMANCE
2.FAN NOISE ISN'T THAT LOUD
3.NVIDIA 4060, I5 13TH GEN PERFORMS REALLY GOOD
4.LOOK AND FEEL IS GOOD
5.DESIGN AND BUILT QUALITY IS AWESOME
6.DISPLAY IS OKAYISH SIDE, BUT FAR BETTER THAN OTHER LAPTOPS IN THIS RANGE
7.SOMETIMES YOU MAY FEEL THAT YOU ARE USING MAC, BECAUSE OF ITS LOOK AND FEEL

CONS-

1.512GB STORAGE ISN'T ENOUGH, ATLEAST FOR ME, UPGRADE IT TO 1TB OR MORE TO UTILISE ITS 10...
READ MORE"
5,Good one .
5,"Be aware of the screen bleeding, but I guess that's normal for LCD displays.
The speaker is average, but we can always use an external speaker or a headphone.
Other than these, the performance you get at this price range is top notch."
5,Best laptop for the price
5,MSI is best❤️
5,Value for money i bought 45k it's good laptop.battery was not good
5,In my life it is the first laptop and the experience was amazing. it is good laptop for students. you can buy this laptop for gaming purpose or any heavy task. As a student I recommend you to buy.
5,For Gaming and editing very good laptop and good price
5,Nice Laptop Bild Quality is Nice and good performance 🥰😍🥰😍🥰😍🥰😍
5,"Value for money
Good display clarity
Compact and light weight
Superb performance for this money"
5,Amazing laptop go for it without any doubt
5,So far everything thing is good
5,"The performance is beyond best, the only things is there is a lot of fan sound and CPU heating which in my opinion is normal while gaming. Battery is good for normal use. Design is a bit plain on the top panel, the earlier 2022 version had a better design although gives a premium metallic feel.

The main issue is display, on the corners there is screen bleeding which is more than visible during start up. But I enquired about this and it is normal for most devices.

The device is totally val...
READ MORE"
5,I m writting this by my 1 week review. I haven't played any game I can't tell any extreme use of this laptop. But for normal use its good laptop and . I liked it ❤️
5,Gaming experience very
5,"Great laptop....
I love this laptop, I have been using it for the last 7 days and it is amazing, I have not had any problems with this product...
Just go for it..."
5,"It is very versatile in nature. It has high performance and gives a top notch gaming performance. There are many power mode and based on your task you can choose the most suitable mode. The real catch is in the power optimization in battery saver eco mode you can get upto 6-7 hours of battery life which is just stuning. My friends have other gaming laptops and they have to carry their chargers anywhere they go.
User interface is just mind blowing you can easily customize your laptop."
5,"This laptop is awesome for its performance, gaming and multitasking."
5,Overall good product in this price
5,"Unbeatable product ,😍. U am so happy to buy asus tuf f15 ,rtx-3050
Battery backup 6 to 7 hours
Display is so good 💯
Keyboard is personally excellent 👌
And battery full charge upto 1.20 hours ."
5,Good but at this budget acer also have to provide RGB keyboard this is very disappointed me bcoz acer nitro 5 has multi colour RGB keyboard and this is it's upgraded ve
5,"Performance is good, you can play AAA title games in medium, high settings if you want high fps, battery is good...display is good...thermals are okay."
5,"Awesome product, top lid metal, bottom plastic,
RGB keyboard, large trackpad, good keyboard,
Nice performance, 144hz display"
5,Good product with value for money touch pad awesome.
5,Powerful ✴️
5,JUST A AWESOME PERFORMANCE ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
5,"Comes with every specifications mentioned . So far no problem , smoothly running. All good 👍"
5,Best laptop I this price range
5,"Best machine 😍 , very powerful only drawbacks is battery but its ok because gaming lap have low battery back ups"
5,Excellent product and build quality..
5,"Performance- 5/5
Battery- 4/5
Screen -5/5"
5,"Excellent in all aspects . Look, design, battery back up 8 hrs in normal use, performance specially in gaming and video editing performance is great at under 65k segment."
5,I genuinely loved the laptop buyed it for 58k in the sale yeah some may say it overheats but it's not a big problem laptops overheat but don't worry it's Asus tuf and yeah gaming laptops heat much it's cooling is good too and the performance is top notch and battery lasts about 5-6 hrs without power supply I suggest use power supply for good performance and gaming
5,Excellent one of my best buy
5,Performance is top-notch.only battery is little bit underrated
5,I get in 68k after axis Bank card . The laptop is good but thermals are not soo much good . Overall the gaming. Is good and all software supported
5,Nice 👍🙂
5,Best laptop at this price range
5,Excellent programming work in vs code
5,worth it
5,Excellent 👌
5,Super product performance
5,"Good product, performance is good.battery backup is excellent."
5,GENUINE PRODUC
5,Value for money product
5,Good product.
5,Good in budget
5,"The battery backup is good for a gaming laptop, lasting around 5 to 5.5 hours on normal usage."
5,Very nic lap
5,Good display
5,Good produced thanks flip card
5,Overall good laptop
5,"Everything is very good...🤩🔥
Value for money💗"
5,"Good design, best performance, value for money"
5,Well balanced under budget
5,good to work as wel as very good laptop
5,Thank you
5,"The product is awesome, value for money."
5,Best In Budget.
5,"Amazing laptop I purchased this laptop mainly for Video Editing Purpose and this laptop fulfills my all needs. Best laptop under 50000 and I purchased this laptop in 42000 so this is the best deal i got on flipkart. Strongly Recommended for gaming and editing purposes. But if you are normal user so this laptop is not for you because laptop frames drop when power adapter is not connected. So the battery life of this laptop is 2-3 hours .So those who want laptop for normal day to day task you c...
READ MORE"
5,"I bought this product from my WFH job and it's worth it. I have been using this for the last 7 days and no heating issue and the battery is working fine. The display is also very attractive. Go for it if you have a tight budget and don't want to spend more money on well known brands. This is a very excellent brand. I was researching this company for the last 3-4 months and was confused if I should go with this cheap brand company and just wait for dell, HP like bigger brands.

I will update m...
READ MORE"
5,"It's best at this price range. If you are a student or professional who plays moderate games, and want to use this for coding and other stuff, this is best for you. I liked it. Android studio. etc works fine."
5,Best laptop with aluminium build quality. Excellent experience it's been a week I bought it. I am having best experience. Value for money item. Must by laptop as compared to other.
5,Vgd
5,So good nice one
5,Good laptop in low price
5,"Over all is good but battery performance is not good
#badvatteryperformance"
5,Worth every penny. Product is working as expected.
5,Loveddddd it ❤🥹
5,"Nice for heavy coding, gaming etc"
5,It is a good laptop and professional gaming
5,Excellent Laptop with great performance. Battery backup is really good.
5,Good best product
5,Amazing laptop
5,Nice laptop with this price range I just love it
5,Found as expected
5,Worth every penny.
5,"Good display
Slight heating at first
Comes with zero battery"
5,Super laptop (super computer).....! Thanks🌹
5,Thish is good product
5,just loved it and awesome
5,This is a very good product to use
5,"The camera and display could have been improved; otherwise, everything is satisfactory."
5,Awesome laptop with this price.
5,"Too good looks and quality, Best buy for this latest configuration. Slim and very lightweight."
5,"The read and write speeds for the 16GB RAM and 512GB SSD model with the Intel i3-1315U processor are impressive. The CPU even peaked at 4.4 GHz during testing, demonstrating its capability to handle demanding tasks effectively. All of this performance comes at a very great price, which is remarkable. I bought this laptop primarily for trading, and it handles complex charts with multiple drawings and tools smoothly, even on power efficiency mode. Overall, Infinix has delivered an excellent pro...
READ MORE"
5,"Just go for it guys
It's the best laptop that you can get in 30K
Build quality is awesome
Also the display is very good
10 out of 10
Will update my review after using 1 month"
5,"Excellent Product... Literally Infinix Did a great job .. like you I was expecting there be a low quality or cheap quality must be used to built or it will lag , reason we don't know this brand but believe me I am using it for my professional purpose it's very fast responsive and great battery back which last upto whole day if you are casual user for continues usage it will easily give 5 hrs backup which very well known brand laptops are not giving .. Thanks to Infinix and Flipkart to Gave us...
READ MORE"
5,It's a awesome product from infinix. Go blindly for it. It gives you full value for your money. Keep it up infinix
5,Comfort to use
5,It is really better than other laptops as this price range.
5,This laptop is primium budget very nice product thanks Flipkart
5,very good product..
5,"Excellent laptop 💻
Design 5/5
Display 5/5
Build quality 4/5
Performance 4.5/5
Battery 5/5
Just go for it.
Only go with 16/512👍
Windows 11 with 13th generation mind blowing 🔥"
5,Best quality this price range
5,Worth every penny
5,"Amazing product 👌
1. Performance _ best in class
2.design _ best in class
3. Battery _ 7 to 8 hrs normally
4. Durability _ rough n toughest in segment
Totally worth it 👌"
5,"Excellent product with very good specifications in the segment as comparative with pears.
Speed is very fast.
Working smoothly.
Screen quality is also good .
Good battery life, almost 7 hours with extended monitor and full internet.
Typing experience is also good."
5,"This is a good laptop at a low price, and a new version.
No one will be regretted after buy it."
5,"awesome,👍 really it's so good, go with any model y4 max amazingly."
5,"One of the best laptops available in the market,
Excellent performance and top notch design.
It feels like a premium product due to the metallic built and stunning look.
I have used this product for one week, below are the observations.
Performance: You can perform most of the tasks without any problem, coding, editing etc
Display: The display of this laptop is very good.
Battery: Battery backup is also very good, it lasts for 6-8 hrs.
Design: The design of this laptop is just awesome, You wi...
READ MORE"
5,Everything is good except the battery it drains too fast
5,"It's the best laptop for gaming and video editing under this price range, i had purchased it for 44k in BBD .
Cons - sometimes it feels laggy ....hope the next update will enhance the speed .
Overall it's best .
Loved it ❤️
25oct2023.........."
5,Nice product but battery issues only
5,"It's performance is good👍
Look is so good 👍
Value for money 💰
Battery life between 3 - 3.5 hours
All over is good 👍"
5,best for engineering designing
5,"It is the best budget laptop in this price
Performance is good and looks also ......thanks filpkart 💞"
5,"Based on the configuration and price, this laptop is the perfect choice. It has excellent build quality, and the keyboard is very impressive, featuring keys similar to those on a MacBook. Overall, I am very satisfied with this laptop."
5,"This is a beautiful product, awesome outlook, good design. I am loving it."
5,"Performance is top notch.
battery 6-9 hours.
very good display at this price with 350 nits brightness.
packaging is good.
delivery in time.
For first time casual users and students it is more than enough."
5,"Value for Money

Best For :-

Study purpose and other basic tasks

Light Gaming (i3 version)for eg : Games Like GTA 5 On Low Settings

Sound Quality: good
display Quality: Good
But Battery Takes More Than 1.5 hrs to charge
And Other Rest Is All Okay 👍❤️"
5,Great laptop for students and professionals
5,I liked everything
5,Super lap top
5,Great product from infinix
5,Good for office work
5,Very nice 👍🥰🥰👌👌👌👌thank you filip card
5,Incredible product with all the features required
5,"It's one of the best budget laptop in this price range
And this laptop was very good for coding and programming in 2024."
5,"Value for money
Build quality superb
Display osm
Camera excellent"
5,Verry Good 💯
5,Good use for college students but heating issues while changing that is drawback remaining all
5,Very nice product thank you so much for Flipkart 😘
5,I love HP laptop 💻 ❤️
5,Nice laptop and durable
5,supar
5,"Happy with the performance.
One should definitely buy it"
5,"I loved it, especially the display and the colour of the laptop."
5,You can go for it guys! best for students and working purpose .
5,"Is this time ago at site
This laptop 15 i5 12th generation
Go for it
Excellent work ok
So lovely 🌹😍
Look for the first time
All good 👍
Go for it ."
5,Super product...
5,Perfect one no worries to buy
5,A good budget product for a normal users.
5,Awesome... Outstanding...!!! Everything in this laptop is perfect...!!!
5,This product is value for money you can definately buy it.
5,This laptop is crazy service battery backup is very good and also charging you can buy
5,Very good laptop. Must buy. It's equal to the i5 12th Gen.
5,Very nice top class I am happy my purchase is 33000 very good top class machine ASUS Vivobook 14 i3 13 gen thanks Flipkart
5,Nice product. I would like to suggest this product
5,"Laptop is very good for the price and brand value is also a factor.
Display, performance everything fine battery life could have been improved."
5,Good ser
5,HP intel core i3 12th Gen Product is very good.i am very happy
5,Good 😃😊
5,"Very exllent product
Sound good"
5,Best for normal users
5,"Very nice laptop . Its performance is very smooth .
Its display and storage is also good."
5,Very good laptop at the price with HP brand.
5,Good laptop 💻
5,Laptop is good and value for money in this budget.
5,Not a real IPS screen but good
5,NYC products thank you acer and Flipkart
5,The same configuration in other brands are more expensive than this product.
5,The product is awesome 😎😎👍
5,Best quality
5,best in this budget. i personally prefer this for sure.
5,Except sound it was very good and working as expected. Best middle-class price under 40k with i5 and 16gb ram. Overall worth buying..
5,"Budget Laptop with I5 for personal use , I liked it 💯"
5,Nice product and value for money
5,"I didn't expect it to be this lightweight and the performance for a work laptop is really good.
This is ideal for all sorts of office work and students (not for hardcore gaming) as it is a U series processor that is made for power efficiency.
Battery backup is another good point, I'm getting around 6hours of backup.
It is value for money you can go for it.
Ive been using Acer laptops since 2019 now, so I can vouch for that. Just make sure it is Flipkart assured product that you're buying ❤️"
5,"Best in price, good performance, good backup and more"
5,Good working
5,Very good products
5,Best leptop for Students and office work
5,"Good Laptop, but display is not good at this price range,"
5,Very good performance and smooth am very satisfied
5,"Brilliant,
Thanks to Flipkart for delivered MY brands product Asus vivobook 15, product quality is very best and design also good, only one issue that display view by down side view some issue like black . And value for money product performance very best. You buy for study and office purpose so go for it. Once again Thank you Flipkart."
5,Everything is good except battery only give 2 hr if gaming for light usage it comes for 4 hours
5,awesome Look Nd Funtestice Speed nd smoothing am Very Happy
5,Fantastic laptop for working professionals. Easy to handle with light weight. Value for money 👍
5,Very very nice experience about the laptop. Worth every penny
5,"So this laptop is perfect for my use case scenario.
This laptop is perfect for students as it does not disappoint in any part..
Coming to the display It is good for binge watching and colors produced looks good because of the Samsung color engine.
Speakers are downfiring which could be better but it is audible.
And the build quality is good and sturdy as the top lid is made up of metal..
Now the performance part is very subjective as it has intel 13th gen CPU it will not disappoint you in any...
READ MORE"
5,I personally think it's good if you're not going for gaming pc...Premium quality 🥇
5,Nice laptop first impressions.. just got it
5,Very good quality product
5,"Very good product, genuine, from Flipkart"
5,Very convenient for basic daily activities. Meet the expectation .
5,Awsome 👍😁😁
5,Great 👍👍 product.. design/ look and performance just wow 🙀.
5,Nice prod
5,Wow this is amazing product for working
5,Just go for it. I have run Android Studio and it's working great without any performance issues.
5,"Giving 5 Starts Because in This Price Range This Laptop is One of The Best Laptop. I Bought This Laptop in 56000 Approx. RTX 4060 in This Price Range is Splendid Deal.

RTX 4060 is 75w But Still Gives Amazing Performance You Can Play All Latest Games at Ultra and High in 60 Fps.

One Thing I Didn't Like is Thermal Make So Much Noise. Use Headphones While Play Games

Display is Decent. Speakers Are Okay. Battery Backup is OfCourse Like a Gaming Laptop.

RGB Keyboard With Numeric Keys is Also V...
READ MORE"
5,Overall excellent performance and it's real take heavy load tasks and gaming experience is absolutely good 😊😊
5,"Gaming Beast Laptop 😍🥰
High very Performance Lag free gaming"
5,Nice product by samsung
5,"I got it at 43k during the BBD sale and believe me it's actually really good at that price range.
I have been using it for 3 days now and it has lived up to expectations.
Charging speed is a bit slow at the price but battery backup is sufficient. 4-5 hours of continuous use on Optimized or High Performance mode mixed usage.

I played games like Rocket League and Asphalt and they worked smoothly.
The speakers are really good compared to other brands like lenovo. Dolby Atmos is a game changer ...
READ MORE"
5,"Simply superb.. Got for 47K during 2024 BBS. Thank you Flipkart for this wonderful deal.
Pros :: Mouse track pad is very smooth , Keyboard backlight, With MSOffice (student versiin), Display, Light weight, Battery backup ( Gave 8hrs bckup after first full charge)
Cons :: Charger adapter is getting heated, Speaker aound is not that good."
5,"I got this 8/512 laptop in 43k with some great offer... And fully satisfied with everything like the weight, screen, looks and functions. One thing that I personally don't like is the speaker...speaker place is at the bottom of the laptop."
5,"Performance, battery, charger, display, is okay"
5,"Best laptop in the price...
Good performance and battery back up...."
5,Good at offer price
5,Good deal
5,Awasome product. Thanks Samsung.
5,Nice laptop❤️
5,best pr
5,Excell
5,Amazing value for money
5,Awesome good product slim design super product tq acer and Flipkart
5,"I purchased this product in Flipkart BBD Sale at 28000 after applying all discounts. At this price point this is the best deal .
Under 30K this laptop is super Value For Money"
5,Superb working
5,Very good product. ThanQ flipkart...
5,"I am happy with the purchase.Product is the best deal in this segment under 45 k value.performancce ,Look and feel of this laptop is also good.only drawback is that it's battery drains fast."
5,Laptop is Good 👍
5,Awesome everything is
5,Super products achhi quality paisa vasul
5,"Light weight, performance is good, overall experience is great on this price range, But MS office (word , excel, PowerPoint) is not included with this product.

They should provide MS office."
5,Very smooth and fast. Please go ahead with this product
5,What a lovely laptop very smooth laptop
5,Good laptop in this budget I bought it for 42k
5,Very very good product 👍👍 thank you so much
5,"Good Performance laptop....
Nice Display and battery backup..
Everything is good for daily use.... And the sound quality is slightly low.."
5,"I bought at 48 thousand
At this price range it is very class laptop value for money"
5,Just Amazing 🤩 value for money
5,"What a beauty, Awesome premium look and performance"
5,"I feel very happy to recieve this item.
Experience!!! After using some days i can examine the performance and other facilities."
5,"It's a great laptop that justifies its price. It has a metal build and feels sturdy while holding in hands with 180 degree flip.
Don't think and just go for it"
5,Excellent Product and its build-quality superb.Overall value for money.
5,Overall good 😊
5,This product is very useful to get knowledge of education and I use this product to connect my online classes thank very good product byeeeee🤌
5,Good performance and looking
5,Superb Laptop and performance good
5,"Overall a good package for hp
🤗🤗"
5,Performance super 👍Value for money
5,"Best performance
Beat brand
Just go for it"
5,"Received the laptop in good condition.
This Laptop is very fast on this price range.
Ryzen 3 7320 is better than core i3 12 gen.
I am using the laptop for office work.
After using 15 days i have written this review."
5,Love this product 😍😍😍
5,Osm laptop in budget 😍
5,I purchased this fantastic product with excellent specs during the Big Billion Day sale at a significant discount for my friend's son. He was thrilled to save a lot of money and get his favorite laptop.
5,Good performance but battery is bad overall working fine
5,Only buy if you want to play games or do high end work do not buy if you will be using for professional worm
5,Best look laptop tough body High resolution display big screen 17.3 inch but it's too heavy for me other than that the laptop give best performance while cha
5,Best laptop for better performance. Performance level is op. Off course battery 🔋 drains at lot faster than the other laptop. But come'on guys it's a gaming laptop. Its drains battery in order to perform critical task. Reminds me of someone else.
5,Nice laptop only battery draining fast otherwise best in all other usage and thanks flipkart for faster delivery and in nice packaging.
5,Very Good Product
5,"Overall good experience, games runs ultra smooth on turbo mode for which dc needs to be connected , on battery overall experience is smooth but gaming can be laggy.
Clear sound , bright display and everything is perfect for the price"
5,"Games that I have played on this laptop

Forza 5 horizon 100+ FPS
CS2 250+ FPS
Cricket22 200+FPS
Crisis3 300+ FPS
Valorant 250+FPS

I think best value for money laptop at this price point"
5,Amazing in best price
5,Superb thank you Flipkart
5,Good product this price
5,recommended only for study purpose
5,It was good if it comes with a laptop bag
5,Even though 8gb RAM and 512 gb SSD lacks some speed and performance issues.
5,Ok products is very good 👍
5,So smooth value for money
5,Very good product like this HP
5,Bindaas Buy Karo No Problem
5,"Value for money
Great performance in right price"
5,Superb laptop
5,"Superb design , speakers are excellent , performance is good as well .Value for money product ...."
5,Very good laptop best for office work gaming all rounder laptop
5,"Best to the price range.. support Filmora software and we can edit 4k videos.
Battery performance is really good.
Super fast and good sound quality."
5,perfect laptop Thanks for flopkart
5,Nice product good performance
5,Very nice photo ed
5,Nice 👍😊💕
5,The laptop price nice and quality also and price great you buy
5,"Ok thanks ! I am rendering a rating of get product was received on 5th November ,2024 to me vide courier Ekart ,further this continuation ,I have installed various softwares while starting the computer ,and I seen an important things that it brought Microsoft office with itself. However speed using laptop is best and design of this laptop to use everyone to get better performance are best ,no defects were not seen.To be purchase of this product with normal budget by everyones can be purc...
READ MORE"
5,"Value for money product ....Good for doing online classes and some basic stuff like tally, powerpoint etc ...I m not a gaming guy so can't comment on that 😁"
5,"Good laptop, value for money but had an issue with battery percentage, it was showing 99% always, had to connect with HP support and got it resolved but it took one whole day.

Laptop is good overall."
5,Battery performance it's so bad please don't buy online laptop😖
5,It's good laptop and it's having good battery life
5,Only for students and online classes.
5,Product is very good and excellent
5,"This laptop is really Awesome
Value for money"
5,Good for office use
5,"BATTERY-5/5
DISPLAY-4/5
PERFORMANCE-5/5
KEYBOARD ALSO COME WITH BACKLIGHT
VALUE FOR MONEY"
5,"*Ram management is not done nicely, approx 2.5 gb to 3 gb ram is available for doing tasks, 16gb ram variant will be a better choice if you are thinking to do more than 3 or 4 tasks at once otherwise no issues found
*The design of the laptop is awesome, everyone who saw the laptop liked it
*Only ram management is the issue which I found in my case otherwise I am satisfied by the product"
5,"I didn't get a fingerprint sensor , but overall a good laptop in this budget.

I like the product"
5,Value for money laptop for engineering purp
5,Asus Vivobook15 i3 1215U laptop build quality and design very good. This laptop works very smoothly. I am very happy to like this laptop. The laptop can do all kinds of work. This laptop is a good choice for students and office work. The laptop two downside to me is the battery and brightness. The battery could have been a bit stronger. I left the laptop anyway. Because the laptop gives good service everywhere. Thanks to Flipkart and Seller
5,"Laptop is almost okay.
Nice feature with satisfying body.
Most go for it ."
5,Best Laptop with this price and performance also best windows11 open in seconds.
5,Nice product working good 👍🏻👍🏻
5,"35000

It's going very well"
5,I love 💕 it best laptop 💻 thank you Flipkart .
5,Absolutely value for money product
5,Superb Performance
5,Veery nice
5,Very nice product 😊🥳
5,Good for normal use
5,For this budget it is really good.
5,Excellent performance of AMD better than Intel but battery backup is not good and I get it 50K after card discount
5,"I am writing this review after getting it for 3 hours, there was no physical damage, everything works fine.
Display is good, charger is really fast
Will update this review after some usage

[Update 1] i have noticed that its fans are noisy while doing performance centric work. But still i have to say i just love every other feature"
5,"Nice

Good"
5,Nice pro
5,It is good
5,This price this is the best one
5,Nice laptop thanks to Flipkart
5,It's good product speed is very nice
5,Good Performance under 65k
5,Great product 😃
5,"Great laptop for budget gamers, plus good cooling too during heavy tasks"
5,Great 👍😃
5,"Best laptop for budget gaming experience.
Its ryzen 7 16 gb ram 3050 6gb Full HD display
Also cons:-
2 fans both at right side of laptop. When going ultra or lang hours gaming, it starts heating.
All games are good with low or midium graphics setting with 30 to 50 fps max.
Some old games like GTA 5 will get good FPS but when you start with grid 5, hellblade or AC origins and simillar, you have to drop the settings to medium or low.

Its a great laptop for very casual gaming peoples.
If you...
READ MORE"
5,"It's a cool and more useful for heavy users like gamers , developer..etc."
5,"Excellent laptop, my only concern is that one of the air exhaust is just opposite to the screen , which gives hot air directly to an area on the lower bezel of screen. I just hope that it doesn't create issue in long term.
Battery life is around 6-7 hours for daily work use when refresh rate is set to 60 hz and it becomes 1 hr when you do gaming on battery power. Display is ok, but color accuracy is Average."
5,Superb product he value for money
5,Super product.love it
5,Very nice and value for money
5,Top notch specifications at an affordable price. The display is buttery smooth and the thermals are well designed . Totally worth every penny..
5,Great Laptop with Amazing perfomance of Ryzen7 with 3050 Rtx. Nice Build quality With Good Battery Backup. Highly Recommended unker 65k
5,This is good condition
5,My best purchase in Flipkart 🥰loved it
5,It's lags sometime. When it runs on battery only. And If you run it on plugin it will be so smooth.
5,Very nice product purchased in bbd sale I am very happy
5,Very much good
5,Osm 👌
5,Nice one and superb
5,Ms office not available if it is good maybe I don't know how to check excel
5,The product was amazing and they delivered it with complete care.
5,So good 😊😊😊
5,Over la Good
5,"Laptop is really awesome ,touch screen simplifies our work , weight less easy to carry and price is reasonable worth to purchase"
5,Working good
5,There was no negative feedback to give except that it has only 64gb ... Forest teal color was so beautiful and so elegant. Loved it a lot!!! Listen to me it is best for all and will definitely replace Android tablets
5,Absolutely
5,Good okay
5,Best chromebook with touch screen and quick response time of intel celeron quad core as compared to Realtek processors.
5,"This cromebook is valuable for money product. Touch screen is ok, quick startup and shutdown. It doesn't get hot with prolonged usage. Screen resolution could have been better."
5,Decent
5,Best chromebook students 👍🏻
5,One of the best laptop in this budget👍🏻⚡❤️
5,"Nice product, display is good ,gaming experience is nice, but battery is average but overall experience I got is good I liked this laptop 👍"
5,"i3 16GB RAM.
Perfect combination.
Speakers not that loud otherwise OK
Screen is Awesome. Battery backup is good too.
Light weight 1.7kgs
Build material is great"
5,"The quality of the product is looking like a cheap one.
The battery performance is also not keeping well and I need to charge it 3-4 times a day.

The product is good but the amount is very high according to the product.

Overall my rating is 4.

Thank you."
5,Goooddd
5,"Asus vivobook performance was good
At this price range"
5,Seriously very nice thank you all
5,Best for Online Study Purpose...extremely satisfied to this laptop thanks to Acer
5,Nice product with for money
5,"Nice

Job"
5,Amazingly amazing
5,Very Nice product
5,It's a beast 💪💪
5,"Giving my review after a month of purchase, item us good and the speed is also good, appearance, performance, design up to mark, easy to handle."
5,So good...and excellent 👌
5,"Awesome purchase
1 buy based on your need ✔️
2 performance display ✔️
3 build quality battery back-up ✔️
4 perfect as high-end games as well ✔️"
5,Nice looking product and performance
5,The Laptop has everything good in this price Range. YOU can trust me this is a good laptop . Just a little less battery timing but not that bad.
5,"I am very happy
Helpfuly this laptop my work"
5,Nice value for money buy this product good quality
5,"chromebook is very good for daily work,build quality and touch is top notch value for money product."
5,Good for intertenment
5,It's amazing 😍
5,Best 👍 for students 🙂🙂
5,affordable and efficient
5,"Good Performance as per specs. Fulfill requirements for me, my wife and my son daily tasks. Great thing for school online classes as mobile screen is small and cannot give my laptop to my son."
5,Good 👍 products 👌
5,"Must Buy...!! If you are a student and looking for a presentable laptop then go for it. Even you are a working professional and working mostly in cloud and online platform then go for it.

I'm a working professional and my personal experience was awesome, and i love mostly 360 dgre rotation, touch screen and finishing design."
5,Best for student study only...
5,A good value for money Chromebook
5,God product
5,Absolute bang for the buck
5,Product Quality Brand Sound System Wi-Fi Full HD Best
5,Build quality is awesome
5,Overall good for value speed of downloading may be increase after update
5,Value For Money Product.Superb Performance.
5,superb product and quick delivery by Flipkart
5,"Excellent💯👏👍👍. Fast and furious with incredible battery backup as well as consistent performance.. Build quality is wonderful✨😍.. Must have product.

Note - For better performance boost always disable google play services cos the performance difference is massive after doing so."
5,Using it for the last 3 days. Good battery backup. No lag. Good display and a nice looking Chromebook.
5,Go for it.. lovely
5,Value for money laptop best laptop.
5,"Best performance
Nice product
Nice built quality"
5,awesome laptop..
5,"Very satisfied with the product, delivery was very good and quick. I would recommend this product to anyone, who's looking for a laptop which is on the smaller display size and is also on budget but wants a quality above average for work and students."
5,"MSI Laptop is high performance and the best. configuration is better than HP,Dell .
Value for money laptop

Con
Battery backup is up to 5 hours"
5,Excellent performance best laptop.
5,"Excellent laptop, with good ips display, and performance, moreover can be opened with one hand easily.

Editing my review after one month still satisfied with performance and display but there are some cons as well
Ist built quality is below average while opening and closing hinge makes alot of noise , keyboard is average, webcam quality is not good, they don't hve there charger they are giving 3rd party charger. Acer really needs to improve built quality and also some internal parts they ...
READ MORE"
5,Display LCD (Product very good)
5,Good 😊👍🏻
5,Samthen is ok
5,Nice !
5,Best Product Best Value Best Performance Value For Go For It
5,"One of the best laptop on this price range because it cost me around 25k , in return it is giving me 8GB of Ram 512 GB of SDD storage. And it comes with Intel i3 processor which is very fast and it is of 12th generation. I like overall performance and built quality of the laptop but little disappointed with the display because the view angle of this display not good. But you can't expect too much from this price range so overall my experience is very good."
5,Nice and worth of money.
5,Overall Good Laptop for daily and office uses .And performance is also Good. 👍Go for it.
5,"I absolutely Love this Laptop best in this segment, If You are Student then Go for It....The Look is so amazing, Performance is so good an Battery backup is also good.
Genuine Product"
5,After using 1week I m writing the review i3 12th gen is good for normal working and battery backup is around 3-5 hours according to use
5,Value for money. Just fabulous at this price range...
5,"This is an i3 processor and 512GB SSD
8GB RAM
Very good Product
Value for money
I am buying in BBD sale 2024"
5,This laptop is awesome.it ticks every box of its category except the sound output.What I felt that it's output sound is little bit low.Apart from that aspect I will suggest to go for it.
5,Best for non coding students for online classes and simple use
5,Very nice 🤔🤔🤔
5,"I was completely satisfied with the product but the only issue i was facing is
There is no sd card slot in this model
So if u are a guy looking to extend your storage using sd card
This model is not for you 😞"
5,The best for students. I have another hp pavilion gaming and the performance is kinda similar when you're opening too many chrome tabs and using basic apps. The pavilion is better only when you're doing coding and gaming. But if you're just using for meet and browsing and content consumption. This is more than adequate.
5,"Excellent product,good performance, features are similar like a Android"
5,"This is the worst product i ever had, it hangs a lot please consider once while ordering it"
5,"Definetly a 9/10 experience. The battery backup is great compared to windows laptops as Chromebooks have ChromeOS which is lightweight. I had to deal with some minor issues and had to format it once (I had turned on developer mode which was unstable so maybe it was the reason). Touchscreen works great. Overall it's great and has value for money. Also in case you are comparing it with a laptop, don't. Because it has a lightweight chip and cannot execute windows files so choose according to you...
READ MORE"
5,"This product very good quality but display picture is totally bad 🙃
I am very impress Very happy to buy this item
So thank you for flipkart 🙂
Radhe radhe 🙏"
5,Best in this price online for Study 📖
5,"Very good for multipurpose, you get a tablet and laptop combination. Value for money."
5,Well product for study material
5,"The product i received is very good..
1. some people say heating issue I never experienced it.
2.Display is also good and it can plays 4k video smoothly.
3.keypad and touchpad is working well.
4.u can use microsoft office 365 in web version not in app version.
5.For day to day use it is best like trading, online classes, browsing, watching movies or webseries all...

❌ Don't play games... It is not for gaming.
❌ It's web camera is very low quality, so not for online video calling or video...
READ MORE"
5,Better protect
5,Very nice......👍🏻👌🏻👌🏻
5,Jst all I want superb
5,"This is really excellent quality laptop.

￼"
5,"Very good performance
Totally worth it"
5,"Nice design and works great graphics card. Good entry level gaming laptop with decent 3hrs game time and large keys/keyboard. MSI centre takes time to setup but post that its nice. The audio is poor as it depends on where the voice is coming from, the browser or video or something else.

screen is clear and good support for light video editing."
5,A Brilliant Laptop.
5,Absolute masterpiece
5,superb product
5,"Using for 3 days.. Good laptop for basic use case

Ram is upgradable.. processor is equivalent to core i3.. and battery back up is pretty good

Display is anti reflecting"
5,"Writing the review after used 2 days from the delivery date,smooth performamce ,Zero Lag, Looks premium,
Light wight ,

Keys are smooth for typing but doing little bit noise which little bit awfull,

But in this range its really a future prood laptop.

Not providing Acer Charger s they providing thirs party charge.

Go for it without hasitation in this budget"
5,very good for normal use but ms office lifetime free should be provided thats it is lacking but overall product is good at everything.
5,Nice Product.. value for Money..
5,Valuable money for best laptop ..
5,"It is a good
laptop in a good budget"
5,Awesome all rounder laptop. I bought it almost 2 weeks ago. Believe me you'll never disappoint after buying this beast. If u use it for normal use the battery will give you almost 4 hours. If gaming then 2-3 hours as it's a high performance laptop. Thank you
5,"Got this trmendous laptop in 48 K only, I am lucky to have such performance laptop and a brand hp victus."
5,I like the laptop
5,"This product is actually a great. In this price range it contains plenty of features. Due to its 144 refresh rate it consumes more battery but ok laptops usually drain more
Somewhere there is a bubbling issue in screen under fan
Overall best laptop."
5,Value for money laptop 👌🙂
5,"Best performance and high level gaming 🔥
I played God of war in hingh settings it gives 40-45 fps easily with dlss off but some time at fps drops down to 10-20 for some seconds then it come normally again

Same for ghost of tsushima in high settings dlss on it gives easily 30-35 fps for smoth gaming
I recommend to not use to this laptop on bed always use on table
It's ryzen 5 process heats like machine gun 🔥 while gaming
And battery is quite decent in sense of gaming laptop it gives 1-1...
READ MORE"
5,"Looks and Design - 4.5
Built n quality - 4
Performance 4.5
Battery - 3.5
Displa- 4
Gaming - 4
Price n value - 5

What a elegant beast . At first i was sceptical as MSI gaming laptops are not rated much or may be Thin series is a new launch but after using it i can definitely say it's a bang for your bucks . The laptop is classy, light n slim can be pretty much compared to professional laptops with minimal design n factor. Performance is pretty good, one must update all the drivers n apps a...
READ MORE"
5,"Nice Product Form Msi.This Was My First Laptop ❣️
I Love MSI 💘"
5,The price and material are convenient.
5,Good at this price range of 44k
5,"The processor is too much powerful. Laptop design is good. The rtx 2050 4gb gpu is a little bit less but, at this price segment it is the best. Other important things to mentions are MSI apps are good and feature rich to manage the laptop. Like we can prolong battery life setting the max charging limit to 80% or 60%. Audio is clear and loud. Display is solid and beautiful."
5,low price best quality thankyou Flipkart...
5,"Must buy.
Good purchase.
Provide value for money."
5,Nice laptop....
5,"Design, display and backup is very nice"
5,Satisfactory and equipped enough to work out almost every task
5,"Very Nice Chromebook, It's very Useful for Travellers Specially for Stock Market Traders...
The flip feature is really awesome,
I am using it for Trading, Working Flawlessly.
Thanks Flipkart !"
5,Ok 👌
5,"Clock Speed is very very important in every laptop , i give 5 star rating becase i went to highlight this comment , This laptop clock speed is very slow , so if your working on ms office its good not better, and forget to do other things like normal graphic design , basic editing and others ,I took it thinking that I could do some graphic work in it but I was proved wrong.But if you just want to work on the sheet, that's fine."
5,Very good laptop all students useful
5,Nice design 7.5/10 for performance and abt the display not bad the battery only stand for 3 hr and lesser time overall 7/10 for value for money
5,Overall good
5,Excellent good speed laptop.
5,"Her performance is super , this is gaming laptop and many other functions like edit mode is on avarage but working like to smooth , I think this is value for money laptop , thanks for reading my review about this product I think you think before but this ✨"
5,Good in performance.
5,Good laptop with decent performance.
5,The product was too good worth for amount
5,Only thing I wish was 16 gb ram
5,"My first Laptop Ever, Nice Laptop 💻
Performance is top notch 💪
Display is superb 144hz..
Speaker quality is nice 🎶
Design is also good 😊
Laptop is value for money 💰
But, Laptop battery is poor 😕"
5,Good for the price
5,"Value for money.FHD IPS display. Very lightweight and 5-6 hours of battery backup. Good enough for light usage.
Not for heavy usage."
5,Very much cheap price at good configuration
5,"Your product is very good, display quality is also good, the product is good for how much money."
5,Good condition and beautiful product thanks Flipkart
5,Nice itam
5,Good product value for money
5,The Walker laptop is good
5,Nice product for students
5,Value for money bahut Shandar product
5,The product is very nice performance 👏
5,I can't believe I got such a good laptop for such a low price.
5,"I bought this laptop in BBD SALE at 25k including bank discount and overall product is good.
I bought this product for study purpose and battery is quite decent but I charge this laptop only one time in whole day."
5,truly value for money 🔥❤️
5,"Performance: Awesome. Working smoothly without any hassle.
Design: The design of the laptop is simple yet elegant. The size is good, you feel like holding a big notebook (like a register book).
Display: Its display is brilliant, its color rich. However its not that good when viewed from side. You have to considet that thing provided you are purchasing a budget friendly laptop.
Battery: Its main weakness is battery. Not that good, and it drains fast. But preety much good for 3-4 hours.
Value f...
READ MORE"
5,"Excellent value for the price. A plus point is that this laptop offers RAM Expansion Slot and I have already upgraded my RAM from 8GB DDR4 to 16GB DDR4. Performance is amazing thanks to the inclusion of the PCIe NVMe SSD. Boot Up time is less than 15 seconds. And the 6 Core Intel Core i3 1215U also does a fantastic job in the performance department. The fingerprint sensor is a nice addition and it's extremely fast as well. The only thing that I didn't like is the display. Although the display...
READ MORE"
5,"Perfect laptop at this price.
I purchased (512 ssd and 16 gb version) for Rs. 36000 on big billions days.
Everything is good (display,performance,processor) it has i3 12 gen processor which makes it superior laptop as compared to other at this price
I will definitly recommemd it"
5,"The HP Victus 15 is a 15.6-inch budget gaming laptop that offers a good balance of performance and affordability.

Gaming Performance:
Great for gaming at 1080p.

Smooth gameplay in demanding AAA titles.

Intel 12th Gen. CPUs and NVIDIA discrete graphics provide ample power.

Fast SSD and Wi-Fi 6 for low-latency online gaming.

Overall, the HP Victus 15 offers solid gaming performance at an affordable price point"
5,"Laptop is very good performance also good at this price point got it at 44000 only in sale but battery backup is very bad. If you are playing any games, it will last long only one hour."
5,Good design and laptop with great features
5,"Product quality is good.
Performance also good
Value for money"
5,Best one
5,The Best
5,"Its a very good laptop under 50k. Performance is superfast big display that is splendid, initial battery backup is good , in future i dont know, multiple tasks handled smoothly. Only cons is two usb ports , there should be one more usb port.🤩"
5,Niceee
5,"I'm thrilled with my HP Victus laptop! It delivers powerful performance with smooth multitasking, a sleek design, and vibrant Full HD display. Battery life is impressive, and connectivity options are plentiful. For the price, it offers incredible value. Perfect for gaming and everyday tasks-highly recommend!

Pros:
Powerful Performance: Handles gaming and multitasking effortlessly.
Sleek Design: Modern aesthetics with a sturdy build.
Vibrant Display: Full HD screen with excellent color accur...
READ MORE"
5,Very Very Good
5,Awesome ❤️ Go for it
5,"Some people are complaining that the display is very poor but after using it continuously for 2-3 hours, I can surely say that the display is quite good. The viewing angles might not be great but
the quality of the panel itself is very good. The performance is also good enough for casual users and students. In the end it's safe to say that it's a well balanced laptop."
5,"Good laptop with affordable price, web camera quality is average."
5,Best gaming laptop under 50k
5,Okkk I'm posting it after 1 month of usage for 50k this is literally a beast I played gta 5 without any lag and the screen is 17 inch which is a biggest advantage for those who watch movie's and all the only drawback is battery when it's comes to gaming lap means that's the only drawback if u are seeing for a gaming lap under budget means don't even think
5,This is called a perfect match...
5,Xelent
5,Value of money 💰. This laptop is for only gaming and editing because it's battery 🔋 backup is very low..overall performance is very good. Good for computer science students. But is not for professional work
5,Performance is excellent
5,Go for it
5,"I have used the laptop for about a week.After that Im giving my review,The laptop is very good at its work.Its performance is very good. But I found two shortcomings in it....🥺
Firstly....the battery backup is very low.🔋🪫
Secondly..when we use the laptop while charging,its performance is very good n as soon as we remove it frm charging,its performance becomes a bit slow..

The battery backup is not more than two to two and a half hours n its performance is better whnn used on charging."
5,Very good products For not only student but also used this laptop for other work..
5,For the minimum amount this product is most worthy. Battery getting heat faster. But otherwise this is a good product.
5,"Overall the product is awesome.
Just missing to features, camera privacy shutter and 180 degree open."
5,Best Laptop 💻
5,Ssd bad performance
5,"Display is not up to mark

i3 6 physical cores better than i5 11 generation
Light weight
Sound are very good according to price of laptop

Finger print and 180 degree screen rotation

Overall all best purchase for business purposes only not for gaming"
5,"I GOT WITH 'BBD' sale 30k and also HDFC CREDIT CARD SALE - 5000 = ONLY -25K
EXCELLENT ..... with this price....
you can buy... this product
keyboard, display, battery , with 12gen i3 pros...
great experience"
5,"The design of this laptop is another level of premiumness...
Build quality is awesome....
Performance is super fast...
Battery backup is good...
Speakers have decent sound quality, not so loud but good...
Fingerprint works excellent...
Display is average....
Overall a good pakage for students and office works...
Value of money 💯...."
5,Processor is fantastic super fast response.
5,Wow awsome
5,Best laptop in budget
5,Laptop has a good performance and speed
5,Laptop design is very good and also design
5,"Go for it, performance were awesome plus design 5/5."
5,I got this laptop yesterday and it's very nice product. .. Very smooth as of now build quality also very nice overall all the experience are good but I will give my another review few months of using as of now like it awesome. .. It also include MS office 2021
5,"Everything is good but the only cons are low sound.
Budjet friendly product"
5,"A nice laptop for all basic needs, screen is IPS in mine(it also comes with TN panel) which is good. It has a plastic body but is still sturdy. It has all the ports and it charges only through USB-C port(no 7.4mm charging port). Keyboard is average but key size and spacing is little smaller than other laptops like hp."
5,Model superb👌👌
5,Just amazing!!! Go for it
5,"Nice laptop working really well nice performance, a bit too heavy in weight but overall nice."
5,"Excellent keyboard i loved it, overall best quality."
5,Apart from battery life everything is perfect
5,"product is very good in look must buy, I'll update its real performance after using."
5,"This is very nice product and I bought to coding perpas and this leptop is best .
My suggestion is best leptop in this praise reng plz by it."
5,"1. Display is Nice (Better than Asus or MSI gaming laptop of same range),
2. Battery is good (For gaming laptop)
3. Performance is excellent.

Overall a Worthy LAPTOP."
5,Excellant product
5,Exit fan makes noise
5,Very good product after 5 months usage
5,Really appreciable..
5,"I got this laptop at 58K during big billion days. Performance use smooth and user interface is nice. Battery is withstanding for 2 to 3 hrs only with full brightness. Also to run software like AutoCAD and all....it is getting slower. After getting licence copy of antivirus performance is somehow improved.
Anyway if you get it below 58K range...then recommended to go for it."
5,"Great experience
Smooth
Great design"
5,Performancewise it is perfect. But diplay is not so good as per the price.
5,"All things in the laptop are good but the main defect is battery draining issue..
Otherwise overall performance are better and screen rating are 5 on 5"
5,The product is very nice and the colour I really like it good packing
5,First impressions are excellent! Display and design are most impressive however battery backup is decent it gives 4-4.5 hrs of backup which is quite acceptable for a gaming laptop at this price range.
5,Good laptop..value for money.
5,Under 30k best value for money product
5,Don't like it bettry very poor warking
5,best laptop in this price range i strongly recommand it
5,Best Laptop in this price range
5,"Everything is nice except two things
1. Display:- don't know it's just my variant or same problem with everyone, when you watch dark videos or something, then back light is clearly visible which looks so cheap I can say.
2 battery:- if you want to play games you have to plug in laptop first, because once you plugged in laptop performance increased by 150%. Again I don't know this problem is universal or just with me but yeah if I started playing games like gta 5 without putting laptop on cha...
READ MORE"
5,Excellent performance
5,"Awesome 😎💸
Product
What a look"
5,I will review this after 6 months
5,Overall evening is too good but I think it's battery is little bit more stronger than it's perfect gadgets
5,Good to use .. but the main cons is battery 🔋 😞 when I use this very low brightness and without on the keyboard light it works around maximum 2: 30 hrs ... Major drawback is battery
5,The Laptop is a good option to buy for this price point. The Processor is quite capable handling all day to day Task. The Gaming Performance is also very impressive. The only concern is the battery but you can use it while charging to get best output.
5,"Best Budget Laptop, Quick Power on, Swift keyboard, great display, Good Processor, Gives no lag even after 4 months of use."
5,Loved it! Awesome laptop from ASUS. Good performance and power. Battery is just fine. You'll have to put charger alot. Performance is superb. Delivery was delayed but flipkart customer support was good. I told them to deliver fast and they really helped. No issue in laptop during delivery totaly fine and new condition.
5,Very good product.
5,"Great product under 48k .super performance value for money, battery capability it just 3hours but this is superb.more review may I update next coming days"
5,"Design ✓
Performance ✓
Sound ✓
I don't know why there are complaints. It's adequate for entertainment.
Battery- not sure how it'll perform.
Build ✓ no flex.
I bought it for office use and casual gaming. Overall I'm quite pleased with the purchase."
5,"Works great, at this price range probably the best option, because you get ryzen 3. Display of 14 inch makes its easy to carry around, overall happy with the pur"
5,"Unexpected Best Laptop all things are Good But Ms word , Ppt Is purchase not free"
5,"It is good services,I am use online class"
5,"Good product.....
Display 3.5/5
Battery 4/4/5
Performance 3.5/5
If you r normal user...then for this value it's a best one"
5,God
5,"Loved this product... If you are willing to do normal office work and online work... Then it is absolutely perfect 💯.... You will have no complaints. And if you are a programmer then it's also good for you at this price range, most of the compilers will work smoothly without any problem... The speaker also has a very good and loud voice. Go for it❤"
5,Best display quality
5,According to this price this will be the best lap
5,"My Laptop is performing as expected.
Blindly go for it."
5,Super quality
5,"I'm writing my review after 15 days of use,, Display and backlit keyboard is the most lovable feature for me...If we talk about the battery then it gives the 4-5hours backup max... overall value for money if you don't want gaming"
5,This is my first PC. I bought it in big billion day in 39k. Overall experience is so good. Display is awesome. Backlight feature is pretty cool. I think in this price segment it is best laptop for students and office employees. Battery backup is around 6 to 7 hours in normal use. This comes with plastic body but build quality is much better than other brand laptop. Thank you hp and Flipkart for this amazing deal
5,"If you are a student and u want for coding just go for it...very fast performance due to 16gb ram. I just got it at 37k in big billion days sale...
Display is average but can be ignorable for coding and student purpose
Batter back is very good for normal use it gives 5-6 hours
For coding it gives almost 5 hours backup
For watching movies it will give 8+ hours backup

I am very happy with my first lappy and with its performance and battery backup.

I am ignoring display in this price poin...
READ MORE"
5,Best for For office use
5,I love this product but if they improve the battery backup then it will be a perfect laptop
5,Its better
5,"After purchasing this superb product, I'll attempt coding on this smaller budget laptop. The laptop performed well for coding purposes. I've tried both React and React Native, and they both work well. There's a slight hang occasionally, but it's manageable. Adding extra RAM would likely make the laptop run even more smoothly."
5,Value for money 💰.
5,Not bad good
5,Very good especially for student.
5,It is value for money and display also good 👍 but the battery backup is only 1 hours even if you setting in very low performance mode it not for students 😔 otherwise best budget gaming laptop 👍
5,"I have used laptop more than 3 days so i wanted to share review of the this laptop
1- Performance is very good even i played big games like Asphalt 9 BGMI so there is no lackness and throats
2- Ram Utilisation is also good
3- Sound is good
4- Camera is good
5- its i5-11th gen so according to that this laptop has good and very fast processing speed if you wamt to open any big application it won't take more time to open
6- Laptop is very smooth and ease of use and no heavy weight according to g...
READ MORE"
5,Good 😊💝
5,Vallu for money display also goog
5,This is very good Laptop in budgeted cost... Having true value for money
5,Yes this is best🥰 for working but this is not a gaming laptop 💻✅
5,The best product best display the good product 😘
5,"Good build quality, overall the product is great value for money."
5,"I am using for 15 days and it's smooth running without any problem, battery backup is also good

In this budget performance is super."
5,Very nice products
5,"Good quality Laptop for students who is beginnings .
Very good performance
Battery 6 hours"
5,"Wow.... it's very good product that too in low price... Battery, display, function everything is super about it... I'm very satisfied with this product and recommend to others... The summary which was given in product it's actual true...
Perfect product for Middle class students ☺️😊🎁"
5,"Low price in best laptop, very good Product.i like it, Thankyou Flipkart and welker company."
5,"This leptop is very good quality..
Thankyou Flipkart"
5,Performance wise very good. Display is also good. Battery backup could have been better.
5,Product is good
5,Good product and nice performance
5,Bought this laptop at 52.3k perfect for students performance is great but with you wouldn't be satisfied but it charges fastly
5,The product is very good for education purpose and daily routine activity.
5,Nice product.
5,"Thanks to flipkart and also thanks to hp. It's very nice 👍 hp pavillion laptop.
Over all Good 👍"
5,very good
5,Nice one
5,Superb product 👍
5,Wow good
5,Nice performance and video quality
5,Nice product i got at a best deal
5,"No problem at all after use of 1 month, Good speed, No lagging, Great product"
5,Best Laptop of this budget I purchased rayzen 5 16/512 Gb on 37 k it's performance is very well on coding I'm satisfied of this product 🙂
5,Best...... You should buy...
5,"Good laptop, Ryzen 5 5500u with 16GB RAM is a powerfull package for most of the work be it Coding, Designing, Average gaming, Multitasking, Browsing etc. However the display is probably SVA display which is a cons in this laptop. Sound quality is also average, the vocals, mids are good but thumpness (not the real bass) is somewhat missing."
5,"Product is good.. Reached in time safely.. Will update the review after using in days.. Only thing which i find should be improved is the display.. You will get the feel that display should be better for this price..design - 5 | performance - review later| display - 4 | pre installed windows 11 home single | ms office 365 - free to use | single partition 512 ssd you have to partition the ssd based on your need.. Can i recommend it to others - yes... In package there is only laptop, charging ...
READ MORE"
5,"Best of programing coding
Good for videos and photos ending
Good for gaming
U can edit 4k clips
U can make 3D animetion using blender"
5,The podack is all good
5,Low budget laptop but value for money
5,Nice laptop fast running
5,"After review 10 days
Good product in this price
4k support
Good battary backup"
5,Laptop budget for students best value for money
5,Good product 👍
5,The product is good. Cost effective for Students
5,Just go for it. Wow products at lowest price
5,"1 Month Using Review Laptop
Display 5/4.5
Performance 5/5
Gaming 5/5
Speaker 4/5
Design 5/5
Keyboard 3/5
Keyboard Quality Not Good
Speaker is Decent Quality
Battery Backup Normal Performance 4 Hours and High Performance/ Gaming Time 2 Hours
All Games High Graphics Playing 90+ FPS"
5,as per my knowledge this is best laptop under 65k...
5,I will say this is beast gaming laptop in this budget strongly recommended
5,"It is working so good I use it as for my heavy games,gta 5,god of war 4,I use Adobe after effects and premier pro, using for office use to and for my study performance is good just one thing seller should also provide accessories like bags ,mouse etc other wise performance is good good for anytype of work"
5,"It's a good Laptop overall in this budget, I got it in 39k on BB sale after applying CC offer.
I am happy with this Laptop.
I was little sceptical with Razen processor, but it work like a Charm.
Thanks to Flipkart and the Seller."
5,Above expectation. Loved this product. Thank you Flipkart.
5,Excellent performance 👍
5,"It has fast performance and good battery backup. Yes , the sleek design and hd display also impresses(IPS display they can provide). Overall, the laptop is good value for money. .satisfied.🥰"
5,"i brought this for my sister,she need slim laptop with good configuration.but she afraid to purchase from online.so i searched for her and select the best brand HP with 16 gb of ram and 512 gb SSD .which helps her to make school project for her daughter.also AMD graphics card i preferred over nvdia.this is best for home user."
5,Thank you so much Flipkart such a good electronic purchase and reasonable price to purchase a product ❤️😊
5,"Terrific purchase got it at 37k, design is beautiful, slim and powerful. Will use for a while and share detailed review."
5,Excellent product...
5,"Got this device in just 36k , Using it for months now .
Performance is good"
5,Nice product 😀
5,Product is good..
5,Started using yesterday. All smooth. Feather weight.
5,Product is absolutely best for users like students and working professionals
5,"Very good performance and very fast laptop.
Best laptop for best price.."
5,Perfect 💯
5,Go for it without any doubt 😊
5,"Product is good, but one thing i bought it on 15/042023 but warranty date is from 26/10/2022 is disappointed."
5,The battery and the performance was amazing
5,"I recently bought this laptop and am thoroughly impressed. The performance is outstanding, handling all my tasks smoothly. The battery life is exceptional. Its design and display make it a pleasure to use daily."
5,I used this laptop from last 3 months I can't face any problem till now best laptop in this range
5,"As per expectations it is like that. HP is always be my favourite as per its design, performance, looks and quality. Thanks Flipkart for providing such a unique thing within the time as per product image shown"
5,"Great product at this price range
Gaming is smooth haven't played that much till now.tried valorant and PUBG pc they were as smooth as butter
Pc is fast as expected
Don't take much time to start"
5,GOOD LAPTOP. COSTMER CARE RESPONSE GOOD.
5,"Gaming experience very super
And very super"
5,The product is good and comes with a mux switch good for gaming and productivity I definitely recommend it value for money 😉 I definitely have no issues
5,"Wonderful piece. Open delivery.
Son happy, so are we."
5,Wanted to Play GTA 5. Able to play it even in low fan speed in the Nitro App.
5,Good product speaker is also good because many people were saying that speaker is not but it is good I like everything about this product
5,Better than 11th gen i7...superb performance
5,Verry good product
5,Best laptop at this price.
5,Great experience
5,Very light weight and good performance product
5,Absolutely amazing one.. very handy n light..
5,"Nice product, processor is faster in comparison to my previously used i5 10th Gen. Lookwise its great, price wise superb. Thank you flipkart."
5,"Display quality is excellent 💯
Powerfull processor 👍
Good batter life 🔋
build quality is superb 👌......."
5,Nice and lightweight product
5,Nice product. Excellent performance.
5,Awesome product by acer. It's one of the best laptop available in the current market.
5,"It's a 14 inch laptop equivalent to my hand, metal body gives a aesthetic look to the laptop,
Easy to carry and performance is also good. In case you want a big screen size don't buy"
5,Super very good excellent laptop 💻 filpkart super product deliveryd thank you I love filpkart all' sarvice thank you so much filpkart 🌹🌹🌹💐🥀🥀🥀💐💐🥀🥀💐💐💐🌹💐💐💐💐💻💻💐💻💐💐💐💻💐💐💐💐💐💻💻💐💻💐💻💐
5,"A very good laptop with the capable processor for daily simple works like browsing .
At this price no other company provides laptop, it is the best price"
5,I love this product
5,It is very very excellent product for a student
5,The product is nice and worth it
5,Beautiful and strong laptop
5,"Best build Quality Product , Awesome Sound Quality, Display is Awesome, Thank you Realme 😊"
5,"This review is after using this lappy for 2 weeks.
Pros
Excellent display
Excellent build quality
full metal body
very fast performance
low boot time
RAM and Processor are adequate for day to day office and college work

only con
battery backup and charging time are good but not as advertised"
5,Just amazing
5,Really amazing at this price range. Really great 👍 work by realme. Loved using it.
5,"Very Smooth Performance , Display quality is great, Design is very premium, very fast and effective fingerprint, battery lasts up to 4-5 hours, More than Value for money."
5,"One of the Best Product in this Price Range Easy to Handle good Quality Ryzen 7 and What What I will just Say Go For It

Better sound system and Much More
Camera Is Good


I m Not able to Upload Picture it actually looks Good"
5,"The device is working well as expected. The display back cover is made of aluminum, however, the back panel seems to be made of plastic which is a disappointment for me. Acer website rated its battery to be 48WH, but on acer store website and other websites rated its battery as 50WH, I don't know which one is true. Its display is not 3:2 aspect ratio as I would like it to be. The overall build quality is great, I hope it lasts well. I've had bad experience with Realme Book Slim in which it's ...
READ MORE"
5,"Awesome & Cool Design ♥️♥️
It's Looks like a MacBook!!
Superb fast 🔥🔥
I'm Fully Satisfied ☺️ 🥰💪🏻,"
5,Love This Product 😍
5,Ossam laptop✌
5,"I got my dream lappy. I am very happy to have it. Design is very premium and royal.
Thank you Real me."
5,One of the best laptop i have ever seen very good and sexy look flipkart deliver divali gift and i love that.if you planning buy the laptop buy the immediate it's very premium and classy
5,Heating prblm on charging time....battery backup is not enough than they mentioned in about ...... Otherwise it's good I like the design.. Nd the display is so good ❤🐣
5,"Fully satisfied with this product, the design and the performance in this price range is totally unexpected. battery life is almost 7 to 8 hour's. The display is also much brighter than other's it also supports 65 Watt fast charging.
I am using this for almost 3 weeks but there is no fault yet. Thank you flipkart and also thanked to realme for this affordable and ultra slim lapy."
5,"Pros - Everything run smoothly.......this laptop give u feeling live a Macbook

My laptop is i3 variant and this is too much good for students and working professional

I got in 31490 in BBD and I m very happy with the product delivered...

Cons - no screen guard available for this laptop 🥲"
5,"The best i3 laptop at a reasonable price🤩🔥. Realme done a great job as their first laptop 👏

(Disclaimer: it's not a gaming laptop)"
5,"Very nice looking and performance is good as well,
Bettry life is ok ok..
But it was a best value for money product in my view..
Recommended to normal user not for gaming...
And a primeum experience in case of style ...

You can buy it in my opinion...❤️❤️❤️"
5,"The laptop is awesome. i got it in 40999. Value for money
Performance is very good in this price you will not get an awesome laptop. Battery backup is also good compared to others and design is very good premium like feeling it is good for coding for college students not for gaming but ok you can play games not on high graphics. The camera is not good as in all laptops. Looks like macbook air and superfast start in 8-10 sec and fingerprint is also fast and good.
Updating review after 3 month...
READ MORE"
5,"Many people are afraid to buy new company product of laptop as because Realme is new in this market.
But believe me Realme make a revolution in electronics market.
In this price range they made a quality product.
It almost look like macbook.
Display quality is top in this range.
Soft keyboard.
Overall good product.
Try this."
5,Best laptop under 40k. The display is awesome. You can do work as well as enjoy movies on Netflix. At this price range whatever there is given is outstanding. Go for it😍
5,Worth it to buy.
5,Totally value for money 💰
5,Great performance in a mid budget price
5,Awesome 💯
5,Excellent price to performance ratio. Good battery life.
5,"Awesome
Best price
Superb
Best performance"
5,Quiet awesome product within this price range.😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
5,"So I Purchase This Laptop During Diwali Sale 2024 And I Find It The Best Laptop Under 35K Fitted All My Needs
I Purchase This Laptop For Doing College Work(Mainly Programming)I Mainly Use This Laptop For About 2-3 Hours A Day And It Don't
Disappoint Me .
I Am Going To Encounter Some Points Which Are People Are Saying About

1)Battery So I Have The Ryzen Variant Of This Laptop Series The Main Difference Between The Ryzen And Intel Variant Is The Battery Ryzen Variant Consumes Less Power And Ot...
READ MORE"
5,Truly value for money product must buy.
5,"You should definitely go for this laptop if you are buying it for office work/student work and playing games like GTA V and Valorant and such kinds.
The laptop is really fabulous for Office work, Office work can be done flawlessly. But as soon as we hear the name of MSI, our first thought is about gaming, so talking about gaming, GTA V can be played in very high settings, smoothly and it will easily provide you up to 32 FPS and Valorant in medium settings will provide 180+ FPS. All the AAA ti...
READ MORE"
5,"The MSI Ryzen 15 is a solid choice for those seeking a high-performance laptop, especially for gaming and multitasking. Equipped with an AMD Ryzen processor, it offers fast and smooth performance, making it great for handling intensive tasks. The build quality feels durable, and the display is crisp with vibrant colors. Overall, it balances power and value quite well, and it's a strong contender in the gaming laptop space."
5,"After 5 day usage i am surely say that it is the best laptop in this price range.
battery: it gives esaly 10 hours of battery backup for heavy usage 8 hours.
Display: As you know it have 2k display so colors are very bright and nice.
Ram : it have samsung brand ram which is top class in the market.
ssd: it have samsung brand ssd which is very fast.
charging: in 45 mins it charges 70%
its a very good laptop for daily usage . its not for gaming purpose you can play nor...
READ MORE"
5,"Close your eyes &
Go for it ."
5,"Super cool laptop from realme..
Light weight, thin,
Amazing product"
5,Thank you Flipkart for this Cute Laptop.
5,A perfect laptop for office use very fast process within 5 sec
5,"Very good product. Item is bit pricy as per the specs its providing. But since its HP, so all ok.
Overall very good product.
Only issue i found is power button location is bit odd, its just beside the delete button. So sometimes, by mistake the power button can be pressed. Else all good."
5,SUPER
5,Nyce product
5,"It is a good product to students and employees
Great display and grate design and light weight and having backlit"
5,Super duper silim laptop nice good products difrent tecknology value for money💥 👍
5,"As an IT working man, I found this laptop as best so far as per my experience in this budget.

Best body buildup quality
Best battery backup
Good typing keys
Smooth finger touch
Smooth touchpad
Good speed
Super fast operating speed
Camera quality is not upto the mark
Thanks HP and Flipkart"
5,Good Performance..🙂
5,I purchased this laptop in BBD sale. Got it in a good deal. It has great configuration and running smoothly general apps and Editing softwares too! I am fully satisfied with the purchase. Even MSI offered me 3 months extended warranty free! You can go for it!
5,"Nice laptop in theses price range. Loved it, sound is also ok ok. Battery back up also less. Otherwise it's good."
5,"Top notch performance according to the price bracket, battery also performs decent and give nearly 6:30 hrs of backup when used in efficiency mode. Display is also bright. Ram is also 16GB DDR5, at this budget Brands usually give DDR4. One good things is that I got a display with 165Hz of refresh rate but in box it is mentioned 144Hz that's a nice trackpad is smooth and support all gestures and i also got Basic MS Office softwares such as word, Excel, power point etc. Audio is PHENOMENAL litt...
READ MORE"
5,"Searching for a good budget gaming laptop ?
My experience: This is the one I have been using this laptop for 2 months now ...and I would say one thing this laptop doesn't disappoint me at any thing either you play games,listen music,consume multimedia or anything everything is just buttery smooth.
Display: It comes with a basic display with 45%ntsc, company claims 144hz but in display settings I could see 165hz not sure how much is the real refresh rate but I am sure that it is more than 144h...
READ MORE"
5,Good laptop for students
5,"Awesome product under 35k
I love this ❣️❣️
Thankyou Realme"
5,Very nice product and premium quality
5,Its like a beast in terms of display and processor..if u already have used old i3 old generation..11th is awesome..i have been using laptop for my daily needs...and its like superb tech brought to mid people like us...thank u realme....your slim book is amazing...i will be updating my next review soon next week of extensive use...thanks.. everything is awesome..
5,One of the stylish and high performance laptop in this price range. Really liked it.
5,"With Realme Book Slim, the company is entering the laptop segment in India. In its first attempt, Realme has got off to a good start with excellent design and screen on the Realme Book Slim. The performance is good too and as an overall package - we can recommend the Realme Book Slim. The lack of a 16GB RAM variant in India and limited ports are a couple of letdowns, but if that’s not a deal-breaker for you, the Realme Book Slim won’t disappoint you.

FOR-
Class-leading display
Premium design...
READ MORE"
5,Very nice realme thanks for giving me a very smooth and all features in laptop
5,"Amazing product.. Far away from old generation laptop

Best part - it's display is fabulous.."
5,"Pros:
1. Lightweight
2. Great build and Design
3. Backlight keyboard
4. Fingerprint scanner is fast
5. Beautiful 2k display
6. Speakers are bonkers
7. Great battery life

Cons:
1. i5 variant is bit pricey, i3 is bang for buck
2. Even though the PORTS situation is sorted with 3 USB C and 1 USB 3.1, a HDMI and sd card slot would have been cheery on the cake

Got it for 41k during BBD sale and can say, easily the best laptop for MY needs.

Loved it."
5,Trust me it's one of the best laptop in the market in this price for normal use . Gaming is totally not an option in this lappy. Anyways happy with the product.
5,Awesome product and awesome battery after updating window 11 battery backup 8 to 8.5 hours only so you comfort to windows 10 to so don't upgrade after 2 months awesome
5,"Don't think anymore if u are getting it under 40k.
Display is awesome
Battery is good (8-9)hrs I'm getting
Performance is decent
If you are a student then this will be perfect for you.
Looks and feel are same like macbook
And type c charger makes it more convenient"
5,"I purchased this laptop on 30th aug only and I think it's a great buy .. give very luxurious vibes,slim, aluminium body, got for 43k...
Compact laptop easy to carry ."
5,"Using this laptop for my daily usage, things I liked in this laptop:
1. Keyboard is so smooth which I can use all day.
2. Display is clear and crisp & bezels are very thin.
3. Bootup speed is around 5 secs and shutdown is around 2-3 secs, which is so good.
4. Light weight laptop, easy to carry.
5. Fingerprint works super fast, easy to unlock without typing the password.
6. Free upgrade to windows 11."
5,Best in this price range. Just loved it.
5,"Best in this price range , awsm build , and display is just Wow...
Battery backup is also awsm , just go for it 👍🏻"
5,Very good performance in the segment I love. I love the 2k display most in hole laptop. I have only one issue in the laptop is only one usb port. All over this is best laptop and I love it...
5,The best budget laptop in the market thanks Realme to provide such a laptop.
5,Sexy one..... Satisfied 😍
5,"Best laptop Under 45K tough I got this laptop for Just Rupees 42K.

It is Excellent and Phenomenal

Just go for it and do not think twice you will love it."
5,"Display is awesome
Battery backup descent (8-10hr)
Sound is good
And finally, design is on top."
5,"Honestly, this is a MacBook air alternative. At this price range, no other laptop comes close to this beauty."
5,"I really like the laptop
I bought it for 40999 Rs
I think this is the best laptop in this Price Range
It has a lot of interesting features like fingerprint sensor, backlit Keyboard, etc
It comes with 256 GB SSD
IT would have been better if they could have provided extra space in the form of HDD also
Overall Awesome Laptop!!!"
5,"Nice laptop brought it for 40000
Value for money in this budget
2k display
Backlit keyboard
Metallic body
Light weight"
5,"After using this laptop for 7 days ,i want to say that it is the best laptop under 40k budget according to performance,, battery backup and look is amazing 😍"
5,"Nice Laptop
Excellent performance
Awesome"
5,Best in the budget would recommend....
5,its fantastic
5,"Review after 4 months of use:
1. Amazing portable laptop for business travellers. It is light, super fast and gives good battery backup. Four to five hours on a full charge with browsing and office documents, emailing
2. Looks great. And very light to carry around
3. 16 GB RAM is good to run regular productivity apps. One way to get more from these systems is to not open too many tabs of browsers. Wherever possible, install applications
4. For Rs 37,990, this is great value for money.

Only ...
READ MORE"
5,I liked this product.this is first time I purchased for my AI Project and it worked smoothly.i can test and trained my model easily.i wish I could take Ryzen 7 instead of Ryzen 5 for same model.anyway this will ok for me.
5,"I got this laptop in 35k (16gb variant) and I lovi it, performance is very good.
Pros :-
Display is good.
14inch size is very portable and doesn't feel small.
It has backlit keyboard.
Performance is very good, boot time is less then 10sec.
Battery backup is very good but depends on usage. With heavy use battery backup is less but for normal use without internet connection, battery backup is about 7 hr +.
We get 2 month norton antivirus subscription.
It has wifi 6 so internet speed is very g...
READ MORE"
5,"1. Speed and performance is too good fast in speed with Ryzen 5 series 7000.
2. Display quality is good in the range.
3. Battery life is 3.5 out of 5 ⭐
4. Build quality is not as good"
5,best laptop under 45k I've ever seen
5,Great Product.Go for it !
5,"In awe of this product ... I had my apprehensions on buying Realme laptop but what a beautiful product they have come up with... Kudos to them ! It seems efficient as well with no lag whatsoever... I hope the long term review remains the same.

Thanks Flipkart for delivering the product 1 day prior .."
5,"Can’t believe there’s a manufacturer out there who cares about the attention to detail of a windows computer at this price range.
The display, speakers, performance, fingerprint scanner, camera, keyboard backlit, build quality, charging, keyboard feel, mouse quality everything is of better if not of the best quality. Literally feels like a Windows MacBook Air M1. Saying that as a user of MacBook Air M1. A very good purchase."
5,"If your budget is under 45000/- and you are not a serious gamer or not doing lot of creative editing then do not hesitate.

Pros:

1: Design & Build
2: Awesome Display ( Yes it is super good 2K QHD with 100% sRGB)
3: Charger (Easy to carry. I am using the same charger for my phone and lap)
4: Sound. Yes, it is loud
5: SSD (It's faster for those who are coming from HDD to SSD)
6: RAM
7: Keyboard (Key travel + feedback + backlit)
8: Trackpad with multiple gestures supports
9: Office (2019 Ho...
READ MORE"
5,"If you want a laptop under 46k with premium looks and the best display at this price point then go with this laptop. As you know it has 2K display, it's really great to watch contents. The colours are accurate like the black is proper dark black. The performance is good almost the same as other laptops at this price point.
If you want to buy it as a student then it would be great for you...
◆Some points to note◆
• 2K display.
• premium build (metal build).
• really great for office or colle...
READ MORE"
5,"Best laptop ever on this range !!
All specs are marvelous..
Some people writing that mouse is not working.. It may be because of they have pressed ""F4 key"". Press F5 key again to work mouse properly.
Grey color is best in my opinion. Its looks more premium. It is specified as Grey but it looks more like Silver."
5,Fantastic laptop...
5,"Thanks to Flipkart for giving me an extraordinary offer.
I'm writing this review after a few months of use. The laptop's design is resembling with Apple MacBook Air, and its performance is also fabulous. However, it's serving its purpose and worth every penny I have paid. For those who are planning to buy this product, I have a strong recommendation for them.

Thanks."
5,"Simply Awesome
I purchased 1st one on 02 Oct 21 for my brother, after using 15 days, I liked most then also purchase for self on 20 Oct."
5,It is so fantastic if you want a laptop in budget so it is the best laptop...but the delivery is so late..
5,Delightful.. Strongly recommended 👍👍
5,Just awesome 👌👍
5,Better pc or laptop under 30000
5,"What an amazing laptop.
Battery backup minimum 6 hours in normal use"
5,Best budget laptop for normal use and play small games good quality i love it🥰
5,Super smooth performance. Display quality is just awesome . Battery backup is also good it around 7 hour . It's i3 but this machine doesn't let you know that you are working on an intel i3 processor
5,"Everything is good in this laptop except the upgradability of its RAM.
Sound quality could have been better but it's fine.
Battery backup is around 4-5 hrs using Wi-Fi and 5-6 hrs without network connection. Not great but fine at this price point."
5,"I am using this product for 6 month and it is really good as expected. It is completely made for official use, not heavy gaming.

I recommend if anyone wants to carry easily, do official task, coding, etc, then it is worthy.
Battery backup is also good, 2K display is really attractive to watch movies. Keyboard button is soft, Fingerprint is working very good.
Sound quality is also better.

It has only one USB cable connector, one 3.5mm jack connector, two type C charging slot. Full metal b...
READ MORE"
5,Best laptop under 45k..
5,Wow excellent value of the money
5,"I purchased this laptop 20 days ago.
It is awesome ....
Feeling best when use this.
If u want to best design & compact then go for it..
If u want to use long duration in a day then go for it."
5,Amazing product.... I like this laptop.... Very fast and easy to carry..... This product is very essential for those who done there daily online office work. I love this gadget..... Thanks realme and team Flipkart.....
5,"never expect about realme give fabulous product like realme book..
aws product"
5,"I have no word this product...
Awesome
Is budget me hp Dell se to kafi best hh...."
5,"Awesome purchase
Display is very good
Design is premium
Sound is very loud and clear"
5,"This Laptop is value of money. Thanks to Flipkart and Msi. This Laptop is ideal for students, for any working purpose and for light gaming as it provides and radeon graphics. Valorant will run in this Laptop easily in 50-60 fps, touchpad is big, backlit keyboard is present, 3 USB ports , 1 type c port , 1 HDMI port , 3.5 mm port is there. It gives a Battery backup of 4 to 6 hours easily if you work in light weight apps. Display quality is good. Laptop is very sleek and compact and comes in a ...
READ MORE"
5,"Performance is super and build quality is good but feels like fiber but oke we can increase the fan speed accordingly to our needs i love that, mike and volume is decent camera is not good but for a audio is nice display quality is very good punche colours charging speeed is also good"
5,"All the games are very smooth
Like :- free fire, pubg, Minecraft, roblox, gta5 etc
Value of money product"
5,Best for price
5,Nice :)
5,Excellent 👌 Powerful. Happy with this product 👌 Guys go for it .Best powerful performance laptop by Asus. Display awesome ❤️
5,Best product in this budget ... 👍🏻❤️
5,"Pros:- This laptop has a very powerful processor
Ryzen 5 7530u,
It can handle every software perfectly and works fine
2 you can do a bit gaming also with its integrated graphics.
Cons;- battery life only last upto 3 hrs in heavy use
2Build quality is good metalic

Overall:- good laptop for office work"
5,"Laptop is Extremly GOOD WITH Inbuilt 16gb ram and 512ssd runs very fast and windows 11 and ms-office pre-installed in this price is unmatchable.
we use this laptop for design and lite gaming purpose give extremly best perfamce with good battery life even high resolution designing work."
5,Best laptop for evry purposes
5,Very smooth
5,Great product value for money point of you
5,"This is a amazing product from realme. In this price range , you can buy this laptop. I talk to you that ,it given wonderful experience like Mac Book. It's call sasta mac book. Overall it's very very very good laptop."
5,This is too good product
5,"Omg what a osum laptop. I can't even able to describe about it. Totally worth it. The Display quality and size is unmatchable. I don't have words to say. Just received this product today at 2pm and it made me so impress that, i m still using this laptop till now at 8pm.


Go, don't think much, go and just buy"
5,"Excellent build quality. The aluminium body makes it look premium. The camera too is decently good. On either side of the camera are two torch lights like mobile phones. The battery lasts very long as well. It comes with a USB-C to USB-C charger like a mac book with an adapter like a mobile charger but slightly bigger. It is still a lot better than usual bulky chargers of other laptops. I only bought it so that I don't have to worry about power cuts(yes, I have a desktop too) as I don't have ...
READ MORE"
5,"Infinix Y4 max series laptop in this price range very good. I use already led, smar phone ..
Laptop work very smooth and light weight, over all i use this laptop 10 day after that i said all are good but one fault ms office was not installed.
Bettery back up more than 6 hour .. Value for many.... Thank you flipkart"
5,Most value for money I don't know about the igpu scam but love the laptop lyt It can run Gta V on low settings smooth
5,"Except battery performance (2.5 to 3 hrs)everything is brilliant.
Here battery review is given as per my usage because I run containers, clusters , cloud applications, 3 or more chromes browsers and many more IDE running at the same time.
For normal use like browsing and downloading or movie watch, it will give backup upto 5 hr may be.

Writing this after 10momths approx - it's battery life increased from 3 to 5hrs, running absolutely fine from starting, go ahead and buy this product."
5,Nice product and quality of this laptop is awesome. I think battery backup should be more better. This product is not for gamers.
5,"I very much liked it. It's light weight, great slim look, cool display and speed of 16GB RAM - awesome. Added beauty is back-lit keyboard. Altogether, it's a lovable laptop."
5,Superb laptop although battery is not that good but apart from that just worth the penny
5,Value for money 💰
5,Nice quality product and easy to handle
5,"Good laptop value for money
Not for gaming but for normal usage it's quite good"
5,I brought this product first and noticed a damaged near charging pointa and get shocked after than I request for replacement and thanks for customer care for healthy support and replaced it. Overall performence is best in class.
5,"Very good performance. Battery backup is also very good which is approx 9 hours.Looks premium.Very satisfied.
This will be Best purchase for students if they buy."
5,"I got it for just 38450 and I don't think I could have got any better laptop than this one. First of all it's Ryzen 7 7730u that beats i5 1335u very easily and can compete with i7 1355u too. The multi core performance is just unmatched in this segment. I ise my laptop for mainly photoshop, corel draw or illustrator and this laptop feels very fluid in all those applications. I'm sire it can handle upto full hd video editing and Autocad very efficiently too.
The most surprising thing was the T...
READ MORE"
5,There was a minor scratch on a corner of my laptop but in the end I need a laptop and it serves the purpose very well...I am gonna do coding (basic Vali) in this one also R7 7730U is a capable processor as compared to R5 7520U which we mostly get in this price range....Build quality was better than expected but the only problem is hinge quality seems kinda average
5,"Product is good but seller erased the bar codes no on the packaging idk why and warrenty started 3 months ago what the heck I disliked it
Update :-i updated my warrenty from lenovo warrenty check website .
Performance in game is also good I played cs2
Got around 55-60fps playable ."
5,I liked the performance of the product. The processor is very smooth. This product is worth the price.
5,"Writing this review after almost 2 months

got this for 34,200 in offer + sbi cr. Discount
I purchased this laptop only for my coding needs and it's works smooth in every language with vs code android studio and building applications and did some heavy task no log i have seen currently I'm doing game development in this laptop in (unity) and working smooth the multitasking is also good I have runs 4 software at ones continues for 3-4 hours and works good this laptop perfectly fit for my nee...
READ MORE"
5,"- Appreciation to Flipkart for offering great discount in Diwali sale.
- The model is a Ryzen 5 7530U with 16GB RAM, priced at only 32k.
- The product arrived well-packed and in good condition.
- Battery life lasts around 5 hours for regular usage, extending to 7 hours in battery saver mode.
- Excellent build quality observed.
- Superb performance, display, and typing experience, perfect for coding.
- Speaker volume is decent but not overly loud.
- Intended use is for coding purposes.
- No he...
READ MORE"
5,"Fabulous product.Mind Blowing in this price segment. Design is brilliant, also build quality is perfect, light weight, thin, and also strong haddy. Performance with ryzen 5 7000 series very very high as intel i5 12th gen. Screen quality is awesome. Battery back up 6 hours pluse if low loading job done, if load is high then it give approximately 4 hours + battery backup that is good.Backlit keyboard is so attractive. I watch this laptop from last 6 month and I buy this on 22 nd April 2024 , fl...
READ MORE"
5,Got this product for 32k in big billion day sale. 16gb ram + ryzen 5 with good processor with and radeon integrated graphics. Very very good deal. I worried about the battery . But it is giving around 6-7hrs + backup. So it is better . Thanks MSI and Flipkart
5,"Product is too good to be true in the price range i have been using it for 4 -5 months till now its great , all my to software development related tasks are done smoothly in this config"
5,"Nice performance, i can able to run multiple microservices, but battery 🔋 backup would be improved"
5,The processor is quite faster and the laptop build quality is awesome.
5,Very good gaming laptop but price little high thank you Flipkart
5,Good for multipurpose
5,Amazing deal you should definitely go for it
5,"The laptop is superfast and reliable. Never lagged during basic operations like browsing, working in excel, etc."
5,It needs cooling fan...
5,Everything is good
5,"We are very proud to talk of my LAPTOP FROM MY REMOTE VILLAGE UTADA.
ONCE AGAIN MY HEARTLY
CONGRATULATIONS,MY WISH WAS COMPLETED BY
THE GREAT. FLIPKART.ONCE
AGAIN THANKYOU."
5,Great product
5,bad battery life
5,"I am using 1 year continuosly it give best performance and speed .

I suggest best laptop under 35-40k
👍👍

Thank you flipkart"
5,Best Laptop for Btech CSE Students
5,It's awesome lap
5,Awesome best laptop 💻 at this price point
5,Battary drains fast and sound quality can be better.
5,Great performance for personal work as well gaming.
5,Truly it is a beast! I have bought the i5 13th gen 13420H with 6gb VRAM 3050. A must buy product at this price. Specs are truly amazing and the overall experience is also superp by far.
5,Very good performance and cooling of laptop is extraordinarily. Sound should have been little loud but its clear. No issues faced in gaming. In case of quality HP is always trustworthy.
5,Very good performances we can do multitasking
5,"Beast 👺 laptop in terms of gaming.
Overall performance is very good."
5,Good Laptop with Great Performance. Simply Opt It
5,"I got in 61k on Big Billion Days
👍
First I will Talk about Battery consumption,
Fully Charged laptop can be used 7 hours easily!!
It based on the coding I have Caluclated the battery Consumption while coding!!


But The HP Team wants to improve the stability of screen.



Overall The Laptop Performance was very Good !!!


I think It is made with Polycarbonate But I Didn't know accurately!!





Go for it!!




Thank you ❤️"
5,"Value for Money!! Great product at such a competitive price.
I just liked it!!"
5,Awesome....
5,This is a wonderful product of this prize it's a great product .
5,Best Laptop For Students
5,"Good product for learning.
I am satisfied with the product and enjoy."
5,Value for money product ❤️
5,Very powerful PC. Go for it.
5,"This product is awesome, I'm using this product and I'm fully satisfied 🙂 love this laptop 💗. Thank you ❤️"
5,Over all Nice product
5,Value for money good product
5,"Awesome,Thanks flipy"
5,Value for money and looking satisfactory.
5,Best product 🪄
5,Best laptop for Hp
5,Very Nice
5,"Amazing.. fulfill my wish and work..
You can buy it blindly.."
5,"Awesome laptop with great specifications
No lag no hang. display quality and built are quite good.
I like prime OS easy to use"
5,"I recently purchased a Prime Book laptop from Flipkart and I must say I'm impressed with both the product and the delivery service. The laptop is of great quality, and being proudly made in India, it is great to support our local manufacturers. The specifications are perfect for students, and my little one is thrilled to have it as his first laptop. We are very impressed with the built quality of prime book.

Furthermore, the delivery service by Flipkart was quick and efficient. The product w...
READ MORE"
5,Hello ! I hope this review can help you to make decision that u should buy it or not....so it's basically a low performance laptop only made for study and casual work. It's just an Android laptop with phone chipset...plz don't expect powerful performance....if u r budget is low and casual use for study like surfing net and watching video it is okeish...thank you👍
5,Excellent indian laptop.. easy to carry. . Loved it
5,"I used this product from last 6 months .The Quality and performance of the Device is Very Good 😊. There are some minor bugs in the applications which are solved in updates and some will be solve in future updates.
The Quality of the materials of the Device is little lite but much good in this price range .And the customer support is also Good as well as very easily approachable and convenient. I realy loved this Android Laptop.By Using this I feel like pro Android user (Android experience in...
READ MORE"
5,"First of all the laptop is bigger than I expected
Display is really good in this price
Camera could've been better but still it's not that bad
Battery is lasting over 7-8 hours with continuous usage (streaming online lectures)
It takes approx 1.5 to 2 hour for full charge
Performance is really appriciable in this price ❤️
Multi tasking is super easy🔥
I just want to say thanks to the team who made this laptop I just love this.
My final conclusion is you can go for it if you are a s...
READ MORE"
5,This product is good but the camera quality should be better the camera quality is worse actually but the product is good 👍
5,"A very good budget product for students. Can easily substitute this with your smart phones and tablets if you are focusing more on a laptop like experience, big screen and better performance. Battery backup is also good on heavy work it lasts upto 4-5 hrs. Build quality is descent comparing with its price. Overall a very good product for students. Some glitches are there but can easily be fixed in further updates."
5,Value for money and make in India and made in india
5,Never expect in this prize it's really amazing product you can also buy it without any doubt
5,This product is good at this price but little bit on battery to focus
5,"Best Laptop at this price range 💻
With best performance , good design and display.
Battery backup is also good👍
Its a value for money product."
5,Amazing laptop. Must buy if budget is around 61k.
5,Excelle
5,Very very very good for students and aspirants.
5,"Awesome Product, Value for Money"
5,It's a great buy in this price range... all apps working smoothly and battery life is good also.Office suite is also working great.
5,"Wow nice android based laptop and it's features are good,
user friendly and smooth laptop to operate..."
5,Velue for monay
5,Yes it is very good for students.
5,Good at this price
5,Value for money 💵💰
5,Good Product...
5,"As a Student for me it is very useful..
It was my first laptop type gadget and i m very much happy about this laptop❤️✌️"
5,"Really a very good product........ Value of Money,Easy to Handle, perfect for Students"
5,Nice laptop for basic use.
5,To good for students
5,Fantastic choice ❤️
5,"Really happy with the product , I find it a very useful product for my child studies. I will refer it to as many parents as possible"
5,It is a best choice for beginners and students especially online classes. It's a low budget gadgets far better than a mobile and little lesser than a window based laptop. All apps are available in app store. Battery back up is very good. Cammera to be improved. Made in India. Thanks.
5,Super looking beautiful Lobtop item super
5,"Nice and awesome product
Value for money"
5,For student learning it's good
5,Great for students and who are looking in a budget
5,"Excellent product
Great quality and value for money."
5,Nice product for basic use. One should go for it.
5,Good product....as expected... everyone need this
5,Very gooood
5,In terms of Android laptop it's the best thing out there and in this price range having a laptop is better than a tablet in this price point 😇👍
5,Wonderful laptop... It was a birthday gift for me by my husband.... It's an Android based laptop... So far no issues at all... The user interface is very user friendly.... The video quality is very good... Every feel is perfect... But I will give 9/10 ... Because of the sound quality.... The external sound is very low... This can be improved... Otherwise it's a must buy...
5,"Everything is fine but MsOffice if disappoint me as it's not like window interface... It have mobile like word, PowerPoint"
5,Very handy product
5,Best product 😊😊
5,"Meets the basic needs, Can do almost every task without any issue, Happy with the product :-)"
5,I am happy with the primebook. This looks premium and easy to carry. This is also a light weight laptop. Batter backup is too good. All I want to say is- so far so good!
5,"Very good product. I can do all my work like work on Excel, MySQL, phython etc I can do all my work on this and there is no issue while using this laptop. It is a very good product. Battery life of this laptop is decent It can easily run 4 to 5 hours. I really like this laptop."
5,I loved it it has best performance in budget of 60k it is best with 16 g. Ram I am can even play GTA v and 3d rendering video editing coding
5,"I got this laptop for 34K.
The performance was very good, as expected.
Feels literally premium.
You can blindly go for this laptop without any second thought, If you are looking for a laptop under 40K."
5,"I got it for 32k (ryzen 5 7350u and 16gb ram), at this price its unbelievable to get such a good laptop. If you get this around 40k then also its good."
5,Just awesome 👍
5,"Awesome Laptop. Review after 1 month usage. The laptop is very good in all aspects. Good performance no lag issue. MSI pro centers app is very good, very easy to control hardware settings and also it performs test check to ensure the device is working properly.

I also played games like FC 24 at low settings, it works fine about 30fps. I have also played Red dead redemption 2 in medium settings, it was running smoothly with awesome visual graphics at full resolution.

Overall the laptop is ve...
READ MORE"
5,"Good display. Powerful processor for everyday use. 16 gigs, backlit keyboard, Wi-Fi 6, Samsung nvme 512 gb and overall good quality build by MSi for under 45k. I highly recommend 👌 it."
5,"It's been four months since I started using this laptop. It's the best laptop at this price: no lagging, no overheating.

Tested at its full capacity: I tried Android Studio, and it works smoothly. This software requires 16 GB of RAM to function.

For graphics, I tried Blender 3D software, which was smooth too.

I ran three browsers plus VS Code and five other software applications at once.

I worked for more than 20 hours continuously.

It's lightweight and easy to carry.

If you are looking...
READ MORE"
5,"Got this for 32k. Running Ubuntu with Windows 11 dual boot. This laptop has enough power for my development needs. Also do not forget to register the product on MSI website to avail free +3 month warranty. Go for this laptop especially if you are a student looking for a machine to learn coding (given you don't game). This laptop will just breeze through.


Fans a little noisy. That's the only nitpick I got."
5,"Nice laptop for the price range of 36k
Build quality is awesome
Only thing is speakers are too low should have given a better ones"
5,"Product good 👍
Delivery good 👍
Performance good, 👍
Super lap for productivity 👌"
5,"Short term review after using it for a week.

Pros
1. Very Beautiful design, looks really very beautiful. Looks metallic (but it complete plastic body).
2. Really compact sized laptop. Loved the really 14 inch low bezel display, and the FHD 1080p display quality is terrific.
3. Light weighted, loved it.
4. The usage feels really smooth, because of the powerful processor (7th Gen Ryzen 5) and RAM (16 GB).
5. MSI motherboard (MS-14JK) is used, two (2) 8gb DDR4 RAM sticks of Samsung brand is use...
READ MORE"
5,"Thanks to Flipkart for offered a good discounts on my old laptop and product delivered with good packing. Laptop works fine and battery for normal usage will come around 5 hrs when if battery saver mode will come around 7 hrs. Build quality is excellent. Performance, display, typing experience are superb. Speaker volume is decent enough not very loud. My purpose is for coding. No heating issues. Hinges works fine. This is not for gaming. Don't push your professional laptop to paly games. Will...
READ MORE"
5,"Excellent build quality, smooth performance, superb battery. Now have to see how long it will give me service like this. My first impression is 9.5/10"
5,"All issues are solve time to time so don't think purchase it
This product is very good for study purpose"
5,The primebook is the best option for students.
5,Good and vare low price good 💯💯💯💯😊😊😊😊😊 I am happy
5,"Superb product, value for money and it's very affordable and handy really loved it"
5,"Pocket rocket laptop 🔥🔥🔥
Best budget laptop working at Android OS
Best part is OS is cleaned no stock apps"
5,It is the best product in this price .....it is better than jio book...if Windows some features just like cut copy paste new files..open loaded on the right click then it becomes excellent
5,Very nice product.it is very help full for student. Such a good product with affordable price for student. I am very happy from this product.
5,Good*****
5,Best product in this price point 👌
5,Good for online classes and this is value for money!! In this price range product is awesome!!!
5,Valu for 💸💸 money
5,I am buy this laptop this laptop is vere halpfull for me and I recommend for all students please buy this laptop and continue for your online study 🙏
5,Good Product. There is scope for improvements.
5,I bought this for study purpose and it's working awesome... Great product
5,"It's a very good product for student like us, and I would definitely suggest it to everyone"
5,Excellent performance and very good product
5,Thanks
5,"The Product meets the expectations and justifies the price tag vs the features offered.
Convenient design, moderate specs and all useful apps for a typical school-goer are available.
Overall a nice school-customized, affordable, made for india android laptop."
5,"Great product in effective price

My personal rating - 9/10"
5,I dont like the quality of product
5,"This product is very good,
It is mini Laptop.
Aur you use this online education and ather work"
5,All ok
5,Easy to use and I liked it. Keys working absolutely fine so is the mouse pad. Display having good clarity as well.
5,Laptop is amazing really good for students easy to carry everywhere
5,"Awesome laptop.., each n everything is wonderful✨😍. Thank you for this amazing laptop."
5,"Good Android laptop
highly recommend to buy primebook. Battery is good. Display good ,. Playing smooth Android game ❤️❤️❤️"
5,Everything is good but battery should be more extended and sound quality also
5,"I'm writing a review after using it for a week.
So, basically I'm using this laptop for office use and editing purposes.
Battery backup is awesome I'm getting battery backup around 6-7 hrs so I can say battery backup is pretty good.
Performance is also good , no lagging at all, the system never gets hung.
The display is too good,no one can provide this display at this price.
You will get a backlit keyboard which is good.
So basically if you are not a gamer cz I never try gaming on this system...
READ MORE"
5,"🥲 Trust me it's a GOAT Under 40k ,No words for Display ❤❤❤, Performance you need to play games in SD Graphics so it's good in that also, Sound also good enough, Built Quality AAA+ , Finger print scanner will be missed 😣, and Absolutely go for Green colour you will love it, 😏"
5,"Great laptop....got it for 34k with card discount...
Highlights
Thin and light
Great FHD Oled display
Only Oled display laptop in this price range
Bright display
Good performance
Good battery backup
Backlit keyboard..
This is my 10 days experience....if something bad happens I will edit my review."
5,"Value for money product.
Display quality is fantastic.
Recommended for basic computing tasks."
5,"Just wanted to drop a quick note about my new laptop. So far, it's been great! The performance is smooth, and it's handling all my tasks without a hitch.

I'm planning to give a detailed review after a month of use, so stay tuned for more insights."
5,"Best laptop you can buy at this price that too of OLED display.
OLED is the best if the best screens ever made.

Performance is excellent"
5,Really great laptop. You can buy this
5,Best product for the school students in learning
5,I'm giving this review after use of 2 weeks. It's very good for students. Battery approx run for 5-6 hours. If you're preparing for any exam then u can surely go for it😊
5,Amazing product value for money
5,"Sleek design, impressive battery life and satisfactory performance make it a reliable and budget friendly laptop for everyday use."
5,"Its really apt for students, my son is using it for past few months and its going amazing. I would also like to appreciate the team and their promt revert on the queries and immediate action on our requirements."
5,"I just received it ..... performing good , display is just awsome..........let me use it for 1 mont,after that i`ll review again"
5,"Awesome product, after one month used I say the product performance great, display really good OLED display on this price Rs.34k, no other company provide on this price, Asus quality unbeatable, ultimate product go for this product blindly."
5,"This laptop indeed is very good and value for money . I bought this laptop after going through several reviews.

So, after using it for 2 week I am writing this review

The display is the major feature of this laptop and is outstanding . It also comes with a backlit keyboard with brightness adjustment which is very useful for low light works.
The processor is not so powerful for intensive gaming and video editing but in other tasks for everyday uses , everything will be smooth as butter . ...
READ MORE"
5,"Best in class Display and build quality. Speakers are not that great(low sound). Lightweight, Battery is good.
[Display quality at 60% brightness see attached image.]
Display flickers at (exact)50% brightness. But it become normal when brightness comes below 50% or above 50%."
5,"For the price , the display is phenomenal.. good for light day to day users ❤️"
5,"Got it on 30th sep..... delivery was very smooth and the delivery executive opened the box first and the asked for the otp........
This laptop has another varient as well but it doesn't have oled screen and the charging is also little slower than this(i think)....
This laptop has a great viewing angle and due to oled even if you work on it for hrs u won't have any eye pain or such..... I didn't get any cons till now will update.....if u are planning to buying this laptop go for it i think no ...
READ MORE"
5,"Overall display is 5/5
Performance 3.5/5
Design 3.5/5
Value for money 3.5/5
Overall decent laptop go for it."
5,If you want to use it for gaming then please forget it..yes if you want to do casual gaming then like gta 5 it will run on minimum settings old games will run smoothly but not new games..like 3-4 years old game
5,Best product in this price range.
5,Liked the product
5,Excellent product. Had not expected it to be this good. Congratulations to the team for top class Make in India product.
5,I'm very happy...
5,The Laptop is too awesome and enough for your daily basis work.....if you guys looking for a best Display just go for it......if you got satisfied for my review please like.....thank you.
5,"SSD + Ryzen 5 gen7 + 16gb ram is not a bad combo at all. Helps you to get through the day at ease. Would recommend.

It's a soldered ram model, so go for 16gb as 8gb one's not nearly future proof."
5,"awesome performance with zen 3
the battery is 39wh, do check before checkout"
5,"Display 4/5
Performance 5/5
Battery 4/5
Sound 4/5
Keyboard 5/5
Excellent performance in 35k laptop... Those complaining about sound from speakers can install fx sound equalizer app to boost the sound and it works like charm..display is good and keyboard with backlit is awesome !!"
5,"I've been using the MSI Modern 14 laptop with a Ryzen 5 Hexa Core 7530U processor for two months, and it has exceeded my expectations. With extended usage of nearly 12 hours each day. It impressively handles both my coding tasks and gaming sessions, including games like Valorant and Asphalt 9, running flawlessly.

Performance (4/5): Powered by the Ryzen 5 Hexa Core 7530U, it handles not only my coding tasks but also gaming seamlessly. For a laptop in this price range, it's a performance power...
READ MORE"
5,"Pros: best performance under 35k , 0 lag and no heating issues , battery is good but the display is 14 inch so the consumption is also less, keypad is very smooth, they keys are fun and the backlight gives premium feel.

Cons: The only thing which is below average is the sound , my phone has louder sound that this laptop , however you can use headphones or earphones."
5,The product is very well but the camara is not ok
5,This is a good laptop and has plenty of performance on tap.
5,"Multitasking can be done in this laptop,due to ryzen 5 processor games run smoothly in mid settings,and it comes with latest processor which gives similar to or better than mostly i5 processor ,and sometimes fan starts moving ,not even heat ,after few seconds it stops moving, processor ryzen 5 7530 u ,U which is for small work but it provides more ,more in less,plastic built but quality built ,you prefer this for coding ,small editing,animating, games like gta v easily playable in mid setting...
READ MORE"
5,"Very Wonderful 😊 laptop I liked it very much . As usual review battery is okay but could be better . And speakers are debateble , sometimes it feels loud and sometimes it feels too low.
But the main point performance is op even I play world of tank on this PC and it runs well on high settings in 60 fps.
Excellent work MSI with AMD .
The hing is lose it automatically opens to 180 degree on normal jerks .
Hope my review will help 🙂 in making decisions"
5,"Good laptop
Display is good
Screen Size is big though 15.6
Processor is fast
Slightly heating which every laptop do
Battery life is average available for 2 to 3 hours depending on usage.
Charging is fast
Ms office got activated without any hiccups
Windows 11 is working fine
Value for money with i7 13th generation processor
Battery could have been better under this price"
5,Neat product i7
5,Best laptop with best features
5,Good product...I am happy with the product
5,"Value for money
But the speaker is not ok, there have a little sound problem in my laptop, otherwise the laptop was good 💯"
5,"OleD is the best in this segment.....
Best laptop Asus Vivobook Go15
It's a working professional laptop so the sound quality is a little low, Asus please work on the to improve your sound speaker quality"
5,"Great value for money laptop...battery backup is good...decent speakers...great display...the beauty of AMD machine is, one can use the amd adrenaline software to turn on super resolution and turn a 1080p display into a 4k one."
5,"Display just wow 🔥 watching the content experience next level..
Awesome experience with this laptop. It is easy to run any task very smoothly. I bought this laptop for coding purposes and i must say this is totally worth"
5,"Heat on normal use ....except this all are ok ....
Speaker............ 9/10
Performance ....9/10
Camera..............5/10
Battery ..............8/10
Design .............10/10
App processing ......6/10(slow)
Display .............10/10
Overall..good 👍
Review after using 20 days ....👍"
5,"Starting with the display, it's outstanding with bright, accurate visuals and viewing angles are great. Content watching experience is just awesome. It's not a performance centric laptop as it is meant to do the basic work. Nice design and built quality. The camera is not that good. The sound is quite loud and clear. The battery is impressive and gives almost 6 hours of battery life. Also, the My Asus app is very helpful. Overall, it's worth spending more for the OLED display."
5,Very nice my 1st product... Asus vivobook go 15 oled 8/512
5,Just go for it considering daily use study purpose watching movies cool silver colour is fantastic.
5,"Exceptional product, I have no words to describe this gem, I got this product at INR 33049, fully loaded with feature that will enough to fall in love with this device. if you are facing battery problem with your old device then your search will end here, trust me this machine will pay back your every penny, only fingerprint is missing.
Display 10/10
battery 9.5/10 it gives back-up of 6-7 hours in normal internet surfing.
design 9/10
connectivity and all the other thing is superb.
you will on...
READ MORE"
5,Excellent product.....no read any negative review.....go for it I have used this product since 2 month.... only one think I didn't liked is that the keyboard is made up of plastic...they should have given metal keyboard
5,This P series laptop gives good value for money when it comes to performance. Battery lasts for longer than most other laptops of the same price range. It gets a little warm when used for 3-4 continuously. I would recommend it to other buyers.
5,One of the Best Laptop at this price range
5,It's very nice product and got at very good price
5,Awesome product with good price
5,Good product..with this cost range
5,"Product for student is good .slim,light weight and cost is responsible for this model."
5,Processor is good i7 P series which is considered a good trade-off as H series processor produce a lot of heat and thus reduce the life of the device. Dropped the plan for HP pavilion plus as OLED panels are developing defects after sometime of blue dots as read online from the reviews of the users. Can go for this product if you are getting under 65K definitely. Display settings can be tweaked and shouldn't be much of issue.
5,It has a fingerprint sensor
5,Excellent laptop. Very powerful. Fast processing due to core i7. Good display and sound quality. Quite satisfied.
5,The oled display is just awesome. Performance is average. Backlit keyboard looks good. But the sound quality is normal. At this price point it's worth it.
5,Using after 2months Good laptop battery backup is very good display is also good best laptop under 40k
5,Outstanding product....and display osam....fast charging 65w charger.....multi tasking laptop and also hdr ott platform video watching
5,Best Laptop under 35k
5,"Display was excellent
Battery backup superb
Design nd features awesome
Performance wonderful
Build quality good overall wonderful laptop"
5,"ASUS Vivobook Go 15 OLED: Sleek, Powerful, and Affordable
Key Highlights:

Processor: AMD Ryzen 3 Quad Core 7320U
Memory: 8 GB RAM
Storage: 512 GB SSD
Display: 15-inch OLED
Operating System: Windows 11 Home
Pros:

Stunning OLED display with vibrant colors
Fast and responsive performance
Lightweight and portable design
Generous SSD storage for quick data access
Pre-installed with Windows 11 Home
Cons:

Limited gaming performance with integrated graphics
No dedicated GPU for intensive graphics ...
READ MORE"
5,best at this price this price range
5,"Very nice product 👌 👍 👏
Asus vivobook go15 is amazing product 👌👌"
5,I am happy this products.
5,Mesmerising
5,"Display quality is very awesome, rate this display 5/5 and it's backlit keys is very cool ...and it's performance is very good."
5,Mindblowing machine
5,"Screen Good⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Sound quality ⭐️⭐️"
5,"If you're looking for a daily usage and regular work laptop and your preference is screen then go for it,
Coz the best part of this laptop is its screen which is iust fantastic"
5,Better than I thought ￼
5,The product is Good . Well performance only the speaker have less volume tha other laptop
5,Student's choice...
5,"Everything is perfect especially the display quality is awesome. After using one week, I noticed that it's screen flickering but by the brightness settings increase or reduce this issue solved. No other issue find so far. Btry and backlit keyboard is also good. At this price range I really recommend this laptop is best option."
5,"Just value for money product
Great for students and for all other uses
Its not a high end processor so the performance will be upto that"
5,The laptop quality is superb beyond my expectations. Display is also excellent quality. Overall it's a fantastic value for money laptop. Go for it blindly.
5,"Great Product.
Best Processor and Boot Speed.
Display has some flicker in mid brightness.
Best battery backup.
Overall a good value for money product."
5,Except audio all are top notch
5,"After lot of search, finally purchased Assus vivobook go 15.
It is best display in this price range.
Satisfied with this purchase."
5,"1. Design is premium
2. Perform is good no problem in performace
3. Battery gives good battery 🔋 backup upto 6 to 7 hours in normal use.
4. Display of asus vivobook go 15 oled is fantastic.Asus gives best display in this price range.
5. Camera is not good for this laptop.

I'm very happy because I got this laptop at 37990"
5,"🥰 Satisfied.... But There is no safety bubble sheet or foam in the box for safety. Very good display. Decent battery life, in battery saver you can use it 4-5 hrs continually in normal use. Review after 1 week. very light. But there should be a fingerprint sensor. Over all its very good in this price.😍❤️🤗 love it."
5,"Overall nyc product, awesome some look, gourses display 👍"
5,"First time purchase a laptop.. So happy met my expectation. Best display, processor, design, battery under 40K. Overall good for personal use who loves media streaming and noraml office works.. Only Camera is not upto mark"
5,Display Quality is very Good 💯💯💯💯
5,"Display amazing
Sound desent.
Looks very nice."
5,Awesome laptop with many features
5,Good laptop.No doubt.The processor is amazing for students and the display also good.
5,Value for money 🤑❤️
5,"Fully satisfied with the product, value for money.Display Quality is awesome overall experience is good go for it."
5,"Excellent product, display superb.audio volume Ok Ok."
5,Value for money 💰💰
5,OLED display is awesome once you used oled you will not use any other processor is just day to day normal task only if you want bit extra go for ryzen 5
5,Nice value for money best laptop
5,"First this OLED display of Asus Vivobook is OSM and also it features every recommended requirement like fast charging, fast processing, great battery backup etc. Very ideal any graphic or video editing etc. Great product. Thanks Flipkart team for delivering a genuine original product only."
5,"It's work greatly, value for money"
5,BEST LAPTOP IF U REQUIRE LESS MEMORY BUT GOOD SPEED
5,"First its dell so buying for rural areas dell works well with warranty
Then ryzen 3 combined with ssd combined with 8 gb ram and windows 10 activated well it's a deal for the price and works well for kinds and basic school studies and learning

Go for it"
5,One word more than awesome
5,super fast best under 35k speaker is nice fan makes some noise while doing heavy tasks
5,Worst product!
5,"There is no doubt that at 35K with the configuration of rayzen3, SSD & 8 GB ram is simply superb. For Simple to moderate use this laptop is very fast. I haven't seen any lag's. Only con's i can find is the build quality & plastic. Could have been better. Otherwise it is simply super."
5,good laptop
5,Initial impressions are good.. 256 GB SSD is fast but not sufficient for storage so I have ordered for an additional HDD of 2 TB via Dell service portal. I will update the review after using for some more days.
5,Good loptop
5,"Laptop is good for casual office work , display is good though , brightness is gd enough as compared to competition,handles everything I threw so happy with my purchase"
5,Just go for it guys 🔥🔥
5,Awesome Picture Quality and performance are great..
5,Love it! Pure value for money.
5,Nice product this range.
5,It's so amazing 😍
5,"It's been quite a few days since I was using this device. And here is my review.

1. DESIGN - ( 4 out of 5 )

Considering the budget this Laptop looks and feels premium . The aluminium build body is strong and there is no flex in the body. It easily feels like a 40k laptop.

2. PERFORMANCE - ( 4 out of 5 )

AMD ryzen 3 7330u is a great processor to handle most of your day to day multitasking and occasional gaming ( don't expect high fps though ) and moderate amount of video editing. 8 GB DDR4...
READ MORE"
5,Very nice laptop at this price awesome features.
5,"Very Nice product with good specifications, under 30K best 👍❤️"
5,Best laptop in this budget built quality is very best oled display overall value for money go for it👍
5,Fabulous and ultimate experience
5,Good probuct and fully satisfied
5,"Nice, but battery backup poor"
5,Very elegant product for day to day use premium finish looks bold
5,"Worth for money
Try in offer times u get good price"
5,"High performance, excellent build quality, delivery on time, got it around 87k on sale. Genuine product.
Must buy"
5,"Product is as described. Got at a good price. Elsewhere price kept getting changed, but here it was steady"
5,Very fast and worth it laptop
5,"One of the best gaming laptop under this price range. two negative thing about this laptop is battery and speaker, absolutely gaming laptop doesn't have good battery backup so kindly use this laptop while charging so that it will perform at its peak and kindly on the smart charging option in Asus official app for better battery health and for speaker output you should change the settings as Movie in DTS surround app for better output overall its value for money 👍👍👍"
5,AMAZING LAPTOP FOR THIS BUDGET 😌
5,Best laptop for gaming and coding
5,This device is very amazing and come with very powerful processer. all over it is the best option for all purpose usage. it is to much heavy to carry on hand or arms for long time without bag.
5,Everything is good except the speaker they really bad the sound is way too loo for a gaming laptop
5,Over all ok but display is little disappointing.
5,Excellent!
5,It's Awesome
5,I m literally shocked after using this product...how lenevo give this laptop under 28k ...good picture quality and sound is better...also the battery backup is good ... Thnk u lenevo for making this product...if ur budget is cheap ..but u want a good machine...I recommend u please buy this and use it ...u will satisfied....
5,"Nice laptop some crashes you face if you played heavy games and editing on it
But for students it's perfect laptop"
5,It's really good... Value For Money...
5,"Considering the price, each and everything is upto the mark, fingerprint sensor is cherry on top, in this price range..."
5,"very good product......
But battery life is not so good battery drain bohat"
5,Amazing superbbb.....😍😍
5,Great product at this price point. Although speakers and display is not so good.
5,"Best value for money, good for study purpose"
5,Worth Buying
5,"Very good display, worth more than just a sum of mere 1 lakh rupees."
5,"Using for last 3 months and as of now it is working fine. Played games, watched movies and did not see any issues yet. Working perfectly. I will update my review in future."
5,"Best in this Configuration Lenovo Laptop. Excellent performance. Thanks Flipkart, Lenovo and Seller. Laptop Bag doesn't include a big Price of item . Overall Good Laptop for Gamers, IT, AI and Graphics Purpose."
5,Exlant and best product...
5,"Best laptop at this price segment
Looks awesome , metal body
Privacy Shutter camera
Fingerprint sensor
Full HD display
Ryzen 3 7330 series
8GB RAM
512 GB SSD
Weight - 1.7kg"
5,Good experience
5,Nice looking
5,Best Lap under Budget.
5,Good choise for working person al
5,"I am reviewing this after 2 weeks

I am satisfied with this laptop and yes it's definitely suitable for business work and general use and for Gaming yes you can have an GTA 5 and minimal settings smooth run.

Battrey backup is Much enough and good at this price

Smooth performance

The only thing is you will get 0 warrenty. But it's not issue just contact lenova support and they will update the warrenty status .

I will update here after long use if any thing I face .

Overall all it good ...
READ MORE"
5,"I recently purchased a Lenovo thinkbook 15 more satisfied with my decision and an impressive performance and design.

1. Performance : super
2. Design. : Excellent
3. Display : excellent
4. Connectivity. : Nice and fast
5. Battery life : super
6. Security features : Good

Overall, the lenovo Thinkbook 15 is fantastic laptop that offers great value for money. It combines performance, style, design one thing missing Ms office rest of them all provided thanks to Flipkart for awesome disco...
READ MORE"
5,Great product best in price... But still a point is that ram is 8gb but showing 5.9 gb usable. That's a downside... Why dell is calling it 8gb but actually it's 6gb.
5,Everything is good 💯
5,"Awesome product from Dell and delivered very well by flipkart.
This product is up to my expectations and cost worthy..👍"
5,"what i had expected , its more than that."
5,Must say it's really good laptop...smooth functioning!!!!
5,This product is having great display. The sound is also adequate.It is enough for users that do not require applications involving heavy load on CPU.One can play light games on this laptop. The MSO 2021 is quite useful.
5,"The processor is really nice and the inbuilt GPU makes it more cool in playing really heavy games ... WVA display does good work in binge watch..

At this cost comes with a good display and with the speed of SSD making it a 3X..."
5,Really it's a great choice.
5,I'm lucky to buy it just before it went out of stock. Starts in 6 seconds 😍
5,After using 3month I am writing this review. One of the best in this price segment.
5,Excellent product
5,"SSD Storage need more, Excellent lappy 👍"
5,Everything thing are good go for buy...but one issue found i.e heating issue
5,"Best display and speaker experience considering the price
The thing which is compromised is the in hand feel
It's rough and tough laptop but the preimiumness in this laptop is missing
Display 10
Performance 10
Battery 10
Speaker 9"
5,Very good and battery backup up to 6+
5,"BEST LAPTOP CONSIDERING TO THE PRICE.

LITERALLY EVERYTHING IS JUST WOW AND PERFORMANCE IS MIND BLOWING AT THIS RANGE💖

IF YOU ARE BUYING LAPTOP THEN DEFINITELY GO FOR IT.

ITS BETTER THEN OTHER COMPANY'S LAPTOP LIKE:- LENOVO IDEAPAD GAMING 3, AND HP VICTUS"
5,Great performance of hai
5,It's really outstanding laptop. Performance super . Under 50k best laptop.
5,"This laptop is damn good . just u need to compromise with the battery it is lasting 2.5 hrs for me with heavy work except gaming
i got it on very nice offer excellent product delivery was super fast i am very happy super product"
5,Speed boot up and nice laptop
5,Best Laptop in price segment....
5,Good laptop at 42K
5,Product is nice but the battery is very poor
5,I love this laptop..
5,"Very nice looking 👌,thanks to flipkart"
5,"Good product,.. MS office is free."
5,Very nice Product
5,Really good laptop for student purpose budget friendly laptop value for money
5,Very good 💯
5,Very nice.
5,"Product is Good..
It is value for money."
5,Super product under 30k. Super speed work. Very brilliant for office work.
5,Super good 👍🏻😊
5,"that the laptop is smooth and has great performance, and that it is a good value for the money. They also said that the laptop"
5,first impressions was ok . Nice 👍
5,Best Laptop 💻 value for money
5,"I am already using slim 5 i7 12th gen laptop since almost 1 and half year. I impressed with the performance so far. So i ordered this one. Design and feel is top notch. For performance, it will be very early to say. But I am sure that it will not disappoint."
5,Thank you Flipkart with deep heart. You accepted my request and replaced my HP G9 laptop. Thank you very much.
5,"Bought 14 inches, super compact laptop and a very powerful laptop. Having very good experience."
5,"Used is for software development purposes, for this price range, it's perfect"
5,Nice and will review after one m
5,Been using for more than a month now. Super satisfied about build quality as per as task performance.
5,Good quality 👍
5,Good product but you know the s**vi*e is very w*r*t
5,Overall the laptop is good and the all specs are good at Sale price but only the sound is bit low
5,"Great product at best price. I am using this laptop for last two days, no any problem yet. I liked its hinge system more, secondly laptop looks quiet sturdy. Lookwise also great. Very smooth keys. Except non possibilty of adding RAM and another SATA SSD, everything what you expect is available there. Only one thing, the office version 2021 does not come with Outlook (old). So, customers who wants to store email messages in form of .pst folder, will feel frustated. I had my old Office 2016 pro...
READ MORE"
5,"Wow Product, Everything is perfect. Heavy Machine
Excellent Color Production of screen,
Super speed performance
Received excellent deal in BBD just 58k.
Best product 😁😁😁😁😁
Happy Customer review after a week."
5,"Everything is nice.
But, while changing time, observed that adaptor is getting too much heat."
5,"Amazing performance laptop with 8 hours of avg battery life
In normal use it lasts for 10 hours
Because of i7 gaming performance is also best
Value for money!!"
5,Looking nice and functioning well..
5,"This is my review after using the laptop for 12 days. Till now everything is good in this laptop, performance is very good and display quality is also good but battery backup is a bit low. Its sound is also very low. Otherwise, everything is fine, and till now, let's see how it works🙂"
5,All over a good product for normal works
5,Laptop is good. Its cold and warm booting process is also very high. Display brightness is satisfactory. Color Accuracy is good. Sound quality is very osm by functioning with Dolby Atmos but its volume is low. You can't listen it with group of people. Overall performance is okay. Value for money. Students can purchase it.
5,Good po
5,Excellent quality with affordable price.
5,V. Good produ
5,"Product Is good,But the delivery delayed by 3-4 days.."
5,"Good performance 👍
Value for money 💰"
5,"I've been using the Acer Swift Go 14 laptop and I'm really impressed with its performance and portability. The 14-inch display is crisp and vibrant, making it perfect for work, streaming, and browsing. The laptop's slim design and lightweight build make it easy to take on the go. The battery life has been great, lasting me on a single charge. Overall, I'd highly recommend the Acer Swift Go 14 to anyone looking for a reliable and compact laptop for everyday use."
5,I much better 😌
5,Mini beast
5,Awesome 👍👍👍👍👍
5,nice prioduct
5,Outstanding performance with sufficient battery backup
5,Nice 👌
5,Very nice looking and light weight 👍
5,Nic
5,vary good product
5,Awesome 😎
5,It is a good laptop to get decent performance. The i3 12 gen processor is good enough to handle multitasking. Even though it has a TN panel it doesn't matter much . Display's fine. Overall worth every penny.
5,Good laptop for work and trading
5,"Everything is fine, But the material quality is good, not excellent,
Thankyou"
5,awesome
5,Lenovo laptops are the best. This one also doesn't disappoint. It has sleek nice to touch design. It is ergonomic and fast.
5,Good and perfect for normal use.
5,Best for budget 👌 .
5,Display take a look after all very good experience
5,"Using the product from the last two months.
The experience was so good, I purchased the product from a big billion sale with a heavy discount.
Recommend for purchase"
5,"It's a good product. I would suggest the following for the better life of the device:

1) Use it with an external fan, elevated (To provide max outage for heat so your device remain cool)
2) Always keep an eye on the charging percentage and as it reaches to max(100%), remove the charger without fail (Avoid overcharging)."
5,"laptop is fully worth it under 45 k .......
accordingly to the budget all things will be good only screen will be ok ok"
5,Good performance good product
5,Nice product.... worthy
5,"Very nice Chromebook. The reason to buy this product due to it's price and at this price I didn't expected such performance, the 4+64 gb combination works very fast as it is light os it doesn't consumes more power and space.
In a single Full charge it works at least 7 to 8 hours. It's fabulous 🤩 .
Thanks Flipkart."
5,Best for trading only
5,"Value for money in this price range
Works smooth
Battery and display is up to the mark
Sound is good
Camera could have been better"
5,Best Design and Performance
5,"Good configuration, ideal for daily work.. if you are looking for installing software development applications then go for I5, considering the fact that nowadays applications are heavy weight that require more cpu n memory. But this is a value for money. Not very attractive in design as usual in Lenovo laptops but good hardware and configuration"
5,"Design is excellent , Display quality is very good , Battery backup is good 4-5hrs on normal usage , but feels bit slow dunoo why , like 10th or 11th gen tho it's 12th gen"
5,"This is an excellent laptop for its price....
It's slim and Light weight too.
As it is i3 12th 1215u processor the performance is snappy so far...and Battery back up is Good it's like around 4 to 5 hours.
Coming to Display it is Good but viewing angles are not great, as it is TN panel still it is Good.
Speaker output is low but good clarity.

Overall Very good Laptop for students and Office works..."
5,"Design is simple but looks good.
Performance is also better."
5,Ok good
5,Product is better performance
5,"Review after 1 month of use. This is best laptop for students i buy it at 33k at this price this is the best laptop.
At this price everyone can go for it . performance is too much awesome .
Pros-
Best in this budget.
Again performance is awesome.
Design is good.
Display is also good.
Cons-
No backlit keyboard
Battery backup is very poor.

overall it's a good laptop in this budget."
5,Brilliant laptop in the price range.
5,"Best laptop in this budget, display quality is awesome"
5,"Everything is fine with the laptop. But sometimes there is a problem with the sound. If anyone knows how to fix it, plz tell me"
5,Happy to get it on my bucket
5,Best parfomas paisa basil
5,"Good product for heavy use 3 hr battery.
Some time hang when window or dell updates come.
Become hot when anti virus scan or updating window starts.
Good to intermediate for multitasking.
Display is nyc
Charging is also good.
I bought this rs 34700 value for money product."
5,Good product.i have been using it since a month.great product in this price.can be best for those who just need a laptop for attending online classes.bt some apps not work properly in the device.
5,Budget Chromebook experience Wow Smooth working
5,Chromebook is best for educational use.
5,Nice just get it and continue your studies
5,Good performance👍👍🥰
5,Asus chrome book is definitely awesome. It is very good as compare to window . Valuable for money. Light weight. Every thing is really very good. Thank you Flipkart ☺️☺️☺️☺️
5,Cromebooks are best if you are knowing what you are buying
5,"Nice money value
So cute 😍😍😍😍😍"
5,Good 👍👍👍
5,"As there in no fan in laptop, it gets hot in longer usage and battery consumption is also high. But if you use the laptop with a cooling fan pad, the battery last very long. Display quality is avg. but usable."
5,Laptop good but heating issue
5,"a few months ago i was searching for a laptop for studies but our budget was low so at that low budget no windows laptop are available with good quality... but in this Chromebook you can have almost all apps of playstore and it is good for python coding too... as a student i'll give it 5 star but only problem i have was not having battery life that much promised my laptop gives a battery backup about 7-8 hr but for me that's sufficient... so for me that's not a great problem... i loved this l...
READ MORE"
5,"excelllent buy.
I bought it for my daughter for high school.
Very fast
easy to use
Very good sound"
5,"Value for money
for normal tasks"
5,Gud budget laptop for student use fast and value for money
5,"Camera quality is worst. Performance wise it is good. RAM slot is only one, they should give 2 slot for RAM. At the time of charging, laptop heats so much."
5,Best in build quality and value for money will last long in long term unlike others in the competition
5,Very bad my money but flipkart users are not bye and
5,Very Nice Product. Value of money.
5,Good experience.. got this in 22k .. best value for money laptop.
5,"It's a value for money product
Performance: ok ok not for regular heavy task like proper gaming
Battery: good 6+ at a single charge
Design: at this price point it's too cool and slim laptop
Display: it's coming with IPS technology display no double display is too good
Value for money: I got it around 22k during diwali sell so it's become much value for money for me"
5,Budget laptop.
5,"Good product
Velu for money
22-23k best leptop"
5,Good laptop at price of 17k rest is gst but great at this low price
5,Osm product
5,"Best laptop in this price range.
Without too much thinking go for it.
I purchased this laptop after lots of research.
And i got best."
5,"Very good laptop ...bought it on 24 july..really happy, awesome speed but webcam quality very low..could be btr..otherwise its a good buy..bought it for 35750"
5,"It is an awesome laptop for home and office users. I purchased for mainly school from home purpose during the lockdown. It is working perfectly and solving the purpose.

It has SSD and WiFi 5Ghz support which gives much better performance and connectivity.

I have been big fan of Dell for long. They have superb build quality and very good support.

Thanks to Flipkart for a better deal and super quick delivery."
5,Nice...
5,Very good laptop
5,"I got this laptop in 32k , which is best laptop in price range and the DELL always is one of the best company to trust"
5,Who cares about big specs when you have a big support like dell. If you guys are having some speaker issue call dell they are so helpful. The speaker is not an issue as its a software issue and not the speaker. Speed is great due to ssd . Everything is perfect if you are student or a business man. If you are a gamer then this is not the budget you need to have in your wallet to get a laptop.
5,Such a nice product for online studying students in low cost🥰🥰🥰😍🌙🌙👍🏻👍🏻
5,Better product price good worthit
5,Perfect ✅
5,Goof
5,Very nice product i like very much 👍👍👍thank you Flickcart
5,Nice product and avarage pri
5,"Good product with affordable price, happy to choose flipcart"
5,100% vallued for money 👍
5,Very good 👍 product ❤
5,Considering budget this is best looking and working very good
5,"Good product
Value for money"
5,Best laptop for student and basic multitasking
5,"What's A Wonderful And Good Quality Products...!! 💐✨
I'm Very Happy To Say That Your Products Is Very Good...!!
Thanks ❤"
5,"Display and Performance is worth more than the amount you pay. Has great boot speed.
Keyboard and Mosue pad are Ok,better get extrrnal if you are constantly using.
Laptop is a bit large as it is 15 inch ,14 inch would have been a better choice.
Getting SSD for this price is a great deal, Ryzen process are said to be better than Intel,You wont Notice a difference though.
Best Budget Laptop till date."
5,Too good
5,"Superb like it, great performance"
5,bast
5,"Nice product, totally value for money"
5,In this price laptop is awesome 👍🏻.
5,Initial impressions work well with good quality built at good price yes screen resolutions needs to be upgraded in this pricing laptops
5,"I recently purchased this laptop and have been thoroughly impressed with its performance and features. The laptop has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use and carry around."
5,In this price range very good product.
5,Searched for a laptop for very long time.
5,Best leptop under 30k ☺️
5,Best quality laptop under 30k 😄 I'm happy
5,Worth of money
5,Fast boot. Battery backup is good . fast charging . display quality not good ( Side angle view is disappointing) .
5,Great value of money
5,Very nice product 👌
5,"Awesome product for the price. Good performance, battery backup and design."
5,Very nice work
5,For the price I got the product is very good. It's a typical business laptop. The speed and performance is good. The battery life is decent for 6-7 hours...the built quality is very good. Should buy this for basic office use.
5,"Nice and cool laptop
Eventually runs smoother than I have used in my past sessions great stuf
Special amd graphic for gaming purpose and chill encryption of data and security"
5,Working as expected.
5,Best laptop but battery life is 4-6 hours 👌
5,Very good performance.....
5,Product is very nice. Very good for multitasking.
5,Such Glorious Lapy design is very smart I like it so much thank you Flipkart delivery very fast
5,Very nice product i love it
5,Good product.. Battery is also good.. ❤🙂
5,Very Nice.
5,"Design is beautiful and build quality is durable.
Value for money product
No backlit keyboard.
No fingureprint.
Display is not visible from side. Display is not good."
5,It is value for money. Sleek and good laptop. Bought for my office work and zoom calls. No fancy featured and good overall laptop.
5,Fabulous
5,"After 3 days experience I am going to write a review ,this laptop giving me best results , the battery backup is around 5hr ,the sound is also good ,and the performance of this laptop is amazing I like it👍👍👍💪💪"
5,The best in price I have hp 14s with same config and I must say it's of very cheap plastic quality while of dell is amazing built the plastic dosent clicks like hp 14 s also Its not heavy and display is decent can stream 4k on YouTube easily ssd helps to boot very fast
5,Best buy
5,Excellent product far better then i3 laptops
5,Good Product 👍
5,Simply awesome product.Boot up really very fast and working fine.best budget laptop just go for it.
5,"Well.. This product is a must buy.. If you are thinking of having a laptop for studying, work from home purposes then this can be a good choice.. Battery is good, display is awesome... My experience with flipkart in these past years has been really good.. And this product was delivered at time and also without any damage.. I would really recommend you to buy this one..."
5,Superb performance and values for money.
5,Super product value for money smile 😁
5,I got this laptop for 32417 I'm very happy fr the product it's amazing without any doubt go for it but camera quality little low. Remaining everything working well
5,Everything is valuable for me.
5,Another one more fabulous item from flipkart joined in my family. Product is as more than as expected.
5,Best touch screen laptop.
5,"Awesome product, thank you Flipkart"
5,gives a premium feel and even the touch and stylus is also precis
5,Value For Money 💰
5,"Nice product
Valuable for money
Thank u Flipkart 😘😘😘😘"
5,"Best value for money laptop under 30k, go for it."
5,Amazing product .... Superb IdeaPad...
5,This is value for money
5,Best product value for money 💰 iam very happy
5,Very nice product. Amazing value of money
5,Yes good
5,Nice Product working excellent
5,It's very awesome 👍
5,Good Product keep it up....
5,Compatible for students and nice for coding
5,Very useful
5,Altimate Product
5,Very nice laptop
5,Just go for it!! It's awesome 💯
5,Good you can go for it.
5,Very nice product and performance is better. If you want to get a laptop for high performance work then this is the best option.
5,Quality of good and performance is amazing battery backup is good and charging is high speed
5,Value for mony
5,It's a super laptop from HP . Good performance.Display configuration all good must buy
5,Great value for money product
5,"Overall a good deal for average user, for casual gaming and multitasking. Boots up in less than 12 seconds

My rating (out of 10)
*Processor- 8
*build quality- 8
*camera- 8
*display- 5
*keyboard (with backlit) - 10
*speakers- 9
*value for money- 8

Only you want to adjust in terms of display quality (average display quality)

If u able to manage with display quality then just go for it!!"
5,It actually comes with Intel UHD graphics not with the Irex but the experience is best
5,really good compact stuff like it
5,Good Product in this p
5,Good quick delivery
5,Good produced
5,It's to much good value of money
5,nice product.
5,So cute laptop 💻 warking best
5,"Very Good Product in low Price,Only Battery Issues Other All are Good as Compared to Price."
5,"You don't need to go Service centre, they come at home.Customer support is great"
5,Works too good. Super fast. I tried Asphalt 9 works perfectly. I'm glad I bought this laptop.
5,"Display, Sound, Performance all at its best.👍👍👍 Value for money 💰 laptop.
And for fan noise go to power option and select BALANCED power plan."
5,"I have been using laptop for 20 days. It's been great so far. Good battery backup. It gives upto 5hrs back up. Laptop is good and looks thin.
Performance is good. I installed few softwares and it's been running smoothly.
No major sound issue observed as mentioned in other comments.
It's getting hot after some usage. I have other hp laptop which also produces the same amount of heat. So I don't think its an issue."
5,At this price this laptop is a gem. Good speed and graphics
5,Excellent performance.
5,"Everything is good.
Build is awesome
Runs smoothly
Win 10 + Office 2019 lifetime
Speakers are awesome"
5,very good laptop
5,"The product is found for perfection, design is very slim"
5,Nice I like
5,Very good deafenately must and should buy thank you Flipkart
5,"Thank you Flipkart, nice product, value for money. Design and colour very nice."
5,Value for Money
5,Best laptop in class
5,Nice product 🤩👿
5,This laptop comes with ssd which makes it a beast. boot up time is very fast. This laptop also comes with ms office which is a life saver for a student like me.if you are thinking of buying it just for it you gonna love this product
5,"Just fabulous 🤩.
Battery backup is very good on a full charge u can easily watch movies for 6 to 7 hours and for viewing pdf it goes around 8 hours .

Display is super brjght and very very smooth"
5,best in price
5,Nice product in this price..
5,It's value for money product. It's nyc in this price segment .
5,Nice product according to money 💰💰💰
5,Value of money
5,Value for money and performance
5,This is the best laptop under 60k but one thing is problem with four zone led light he doesn't work
5,Very good laptop definitely value for money
5,All is good
5,Laptop is awesome but when I went for delivery in a place where I put address but they told me that they will not deliver my laptop si I went to their office and I put a complete after that they opened the package and I requested them not to tier the package but finally I got my laptop and it's awesome know I want to download gta
5,I love it while using it looks premium and literally graphics and all a great 👍 display it literally goes 8k it is so good
5,One of the best gaming laptop. It's not heat much and gives battery backup around 5 to 6 hours of normal usage and in gaming it gives 2.5 hrs with 50% brightness. Also my friend has dell g15 Alienware and i played last of us 1 in my infinix it ran well but it my friend's laptop it doesn't even run . Infinix's response time is superfast
5,Good product go for it 👍
5,Overall good product
5,Perfect for students daily use and professionals.
5,Terrific purchase
5,"Excellent performance, five star *****, very good for students and office work"
5,Loved it. As per my need this the best in this price range. BBD sale is great time to purchase laptops and yeah i bought it at lowest price. Thank you Flipkart.
5,I like it...nice product. very helpful for student usage
5,good quality
5,Best value of laptop this is very good experience with hp laptop
5,Wonderful device with premium features.
5,Impressive product
5,"As of my 25 days experience its a good laptop, expensive but in this price if performance and durability retain with time then it will be paisa vasool thing."
5,Nyc
5,Overall good performance.
5,"its an amazing product,quite premium and light in weight."
5,It's a awesome product for students as well for gamers also literally value for money and compare to shop flipcart gives this product in a valuable price thanks flipcart ❤️❤️
5,"The battery is unbelievable. Easily works for more than 8+ hours when I am just browsing and making notes. This is why I had gone with Ryzen instead of Intel. The performance has been perfect as well. Takes 5 seconds to switch on. Comes with a fingerprint scanner in the 16GB ram model(which I got for 49K thanks to the credit cards in summer sale). Totally worth it if you can get it within 53k in my opinion. Perfect for students, gives you a premium look and easily goes inside the bag. Bigger ...
READ MORE"
5,"This is totally amazing device as well
as it provide plethora of features such as
* Good battery backup (4-5 hours)
* 400 nits display quality
* back light keyboard
* excellent RYZEN 5 processor
* 16 GB ram and many more
Moreover, the look of this hp pavilion is very versatile and attractive
Lastly, I sad that Flipkart service is great as per my expectations
Thanks you flipkart and Ekart team 😇😇"
5,Overall Performance is good. 👍
5,"It's Even Ryzen 5 process an also it's give the much more better performance.
1. It's Coming Anti-Glare Display 400nits it's the very best Display Quality *****
2. It's 16gb varient it's finger print also very speed to work ****
3. Sound is also Good ****
4. Battery is not a issue max 4-5 hours****
I have seeing to buy a laptop since 3months but this is the best one. Finally I bought it
I have seen all pavilion 14 series but it's the best one all of them
So no dought to buy"
5,Best laptop in this range. I have received the laptop as per given specification.
5,It is very good Device in this price range..I'll suggest you to buy it..
5,"Awesome experience with premium touch, must go for it without any doubt."
5,I brought it at 56k and am very happy with the product
5,Quality of the Display is top notch !
5,"Nice looking laptop 💻 amazing
Performance"
5,"Speed is so good
Battery life 3-4hrs (for running low end application)
Design awesome
Display is nice
Overall good product
I love it
But charger heats a lot while charging may be because of fast charging..
It's silver colour only"
5,It's working really great
5,"Very quick delivery, got it within a day. Laptop is good for everyday use and for coding purposes. Far better than older generation i5 laptops. Battery is around 4-6.5hrs based on usage. Yes, sound is quite low. Display is good, keyboard, track pad is all fine and totally worth the money."
5,Wonderful performance
5,"Nice look and design
Value for money
Good speed"
5,I like the product very much
5,Good condition laptop amazing 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
5,"Very nice, smooth for handling"
5,Thank you Flipkart this product is very good 👍😊😊😊😊
5,"Excellent product just loved it's design and display.
Thank you flipkart
My warranty period seems april 8,2023
but i received the product on 18th aug,2023.
Which I can't understand at all,so please need to rectify the date for the warranty periods.
Otherwise it's simply brilliance ❤️🤗"
5,Product is awesome. Laptop body is too good. It's battery backup is not just as I expected but overall gd performance.
5,"It is really good for student. And it display and sound quality is very godd. you will do all types of work in this laptop...
Feel just like premium...."
5,Company have to provide laptop bag
5,"Good laptop for multitasking and designing.
Go for it."
5,Worth for the money
5,"This is one of the best thin and light laptops offered at a fair value!
The eyesafe version costs 68k in offline stores...this is a steal!
400 nita... performance is smooth does get heated up a little though but thats normal....sasta macbook!"
5,"One of the best laptops for study and office work. The build quality and finish is awesome by HP.
Screen quality is also decent.
The touchpad is very sensitive and fast and the keypad is very smooth to use.
The battery backup is also nice.
It lacks an Ethernet port ."
5,Nice laptop must buy it
5,"very good laptop i am very happy to buy. it work very well. baitry backup very well. proccecer is fast work.very7
you must buy it."
5,"Simply awesome. Performance is very good. Value for money.
16GB RAM with Ryzen 5625u is very good combo.
Also 16MB cache helps for good performance.
Integrated Ryzen graphics.
I liked this product a lot."
5,"Nice Product...
Value For Money..."
5,"Laptop is too good, best for work"
5,"This product is fabulous when it comes to its looks.
The performance and display is amazing. The body is metallic and therefore feels too good and premium. Overall, if you are looking for a laptop which is sexy and works flawlessly then you should definitely go for this. The delivery was good and I didn't face any problems."
5,"Too smooth and too elegant.
1. Design and build quality: the laptop has premium design and beautiful finishing. Sturdy and strong as well.
2. Battery: runs for one to two days on normal usage in a single charging. Fast charging available. Charges to 50% in approx 30 mins.
3. Performance: tooo smooth..Haven't faced any issue till date. Have been using it for past three months. Good pick for designing and coding.
4. Audio: was expecting louder speakers.. however, the speakers are clear but not...
READ MORE"
5,Electric shock while charging.
5,"Nice laptop
Good quality"
5,I bought It Yesterday and it's working superb... Everything is as per written Also delivery by Flipkart is amazing . If further faces some issues I will drop here
5,"Nice laptop by hp
Thanks for flipkart 👪👪👪"
5,Awesome product performance amazing
5,Received it 2 days back..very quick operation . battery last 5 hrs
5,Fantastic one
5,Nice Product with this price range
5,In one word Splendid and Thank you to Flipkart for arranging early and safe delivery.
5,Mind blowing purchased 👌
5,"The best you can get !
Powered by AMD Ryzen"
5,Budget laptop for students
5,Excellent laptop ! Value for koney. Go for it !
5,"I am giving this review after using 3 month, it is superb laptop in this range, there is no comparision with any other laptop at this price point."
5,"Wonderful laptop blindly go for it.
It is just amazing laptop
It is far better than hp pavalion i5 processor"
5,Hp pavilion laptop 1019u worth if u get within 52k build quality awesome display is good overall good for students
5,Very nice product thank flipkart
5,One word excellent
5,💯 of i m sure it is nxt level laptop u can buy with close your eyes amazing products I loved it so much thank u gt and i got accessories also.
5,"Awesome product.must be buy it.
Awesome accessories."
5,"I liked the product very much , because every aspect this laptop is best in this budget...But don't know about the service"
5,"Great performance, good quality, awesome product"
5,What a cool laptop
5,Excellent products. I will update review after one month of usages.
5,Awesome product to buy
5,"Value for money 💰
Matches my laptop bag"
5,Comes with headphones and mouse box also
5,"Awesome product.
Brought it yesterday. Loved it ❤
Performance is too good, Display is also great at this price segment. Build quality is top notch. Battery is above average. You'll love it if you're a RGB fan.
No overheating issues.
The only drawback is, no charging indicators.
Overall, a great movement from infinix."
5,Its look is amazing
5,The product is very good.I like it.
5,The perfect laptop
5,Excellent amazing but it will take too much time for reaching the adress
5,Today I received my laptop it's amazing design
5,"very nice and still i never get any drawback from this product and compared between macbook it's awesome for less price then giving the feel of MacBook..
less weight n good quality slim n sexy look"
5,Nice look
5,I like this product.. value for money 💸 thanks Flipkart ❤️🥰
5,Nice one....
5,Faster processing system
5,Nice like it
5,Wonderful
5,Very good product.value for money.really love this product and thanks to Flipkart for faster delivery and carefully.
5,"Nice product ❤️
Fabulous 🥰🥰"
5,"Valuable laptop in this price range with good battery backup,elegant design, and powerful performance."
5,Battery and Display awesome 💯
5,"Acer Aspire3 the laptop is really convenient for day to day work at ease. Windows 11 OS pre- installed. Convenient keypad to use. No heating issue if running on battery power. No lagging issue during operation. You have to update windows software after powering on the laptop. Processing data is quite OK. In this laptop you get 3 USB port, 1 type C port, 1 HDMI port, 1 micro SD card slot, 1 head phone jack port,. Sound quality is pleasant. To get improved sound you can use blue tooth speaker...
READ MORE"
5,"The Acer Aspire 3 Intel Celeron Dual Core N4500 is a great budget-friendly laptop for everyday use. With 8 GB RAM and 512 GB SSD, it delivers decent multitasking performance and fast boot times"
5,Looking wise good but performance is little bit
5,Very good 👍 product wonderful 👍👍
5,It's value for money. Performance as per my requirement. Flipkart delivered the product as promised on the date.
5,justify what you spent.
5,Good 1
5,Good working best laptops low budget laptop
5,Best products as per in this price.....
5,"Value for money....HP240 Intel core i3 8gb ram, with Windows 11 OS , good configuration at reasonable price, build in quality is wonderful, light weight suitable for frequent travel, overall excellent...."
5,Excellent performance and best price 👍👍
5,It is very very good
5,"Good behavior and great support for installed apps Thank you very much for your support, 😊😊.."
5,Best segment in this price
5,At this price it is too good😊the look of the laptop is awesome and classy...very nice
5,"Nice work 👏
Flipkart products very nice 👌 and working 💪 only charging not fast
Acer aspire laptop 💻 😍 and service very nice 👌"
5,This price range is ok
5,Superb quality 👌
5,Nice Laptop and Good Looking
5,The product is well satisfied me wonderful performance awesome laptop for basic tasks it has a complete all rounder
5,Laptop is so light and thin and the size is similar to macbook. Looks great
5,Best laptop ever seen. High performance and excellent design and quality
5,Excellent product..
5,"Amazing, kit still available"
5,"Best purchase from flipkart

Note : accessories box is still available"
5,"I used laptop for 1 month
Laptop is very good in this price
No problem in laptop
I purchased 3050 12th gen
RGB is looking awesome in night
Accessories are also very good👍👍👍"
5,"1. Exceptional design
2. Have a premium feel
3. Good performance

Gaming test to be done and updated."
5,"It's Awesome, I'm waiting for this for 2 month.."
5,"As per price it's so good.value for money .It has mux switch which is pretty handy. Battery life is 2hrs in normal gaming mode but in efficiency mode it can give 6hrs as per user.Display is also great 120hz. No heating problem. You still gets extra accessory, no problem in that. Conclusion worth every penny. RGB lighting is also great. Control Centre works fine."
5,Best product. Value for money. Performance is wonderful.
5,Value for money 🤑💰
5,"This is my first laptop and I like it ,the design the looks rgbs metal body 100% sRGB display. A perfect laptop for entertainment 😉 and gaming. But still worry about the after sales services and reliability of this laptop 🤔 because it is a new brand"
5,Stunning looks. Slim and light compared to other laptops. Value for money. Was doubtful about colour selection and ordered silver. But silver colour looks great. For gaming looks go for grey and for somewhat professional looks go for silver. And flipkart delivery was super fast.
5,Awesome Product. Reasonable Price..
5,After six month of using its really suprrrrbbbb
5,Nice as per price
5,"Very nice product in small piece
Love this product.


Best quality and performance."
5,Best laptop under 20000 it's working very smooth and battery life is very good
5,"Awesome, i didn't expect this quality on this price battery also good and no lag issue also supporting 4k video weaving overall good 🤗"
5,"I got some laptop issues and worried, but customer care solved my issue....good customer care ...thank you chuwi"
5,I like this product it is very helpful for me.... 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰thanks flipcart
5,Best in this rate
5,Bast quality
5,I use this product 4 month i feel good performance on this price no other issues face
5,At this budget laptop performance is very good..
5,The Chuwi HeroBook Plus is a budget-friendly laptop that provides a larger screen and decent performance for its price
5,It's really nice and affordable product in this generation and also good service
5,"This laptop suitable for students,virtual classes and soft copy notes views"
5,"It's good, at this price point. Everything is working properly."
5,nice
5,"Really good for basic use like ms word ms excel
Nice."
5,Nice product Nice Laptop
5,Super very fast
5,"CHUWI is new brand but you can trust it. I have bought this laptop at such a reasonable rate.
It is excellent in performance and battery backup.It is not for gaming .But overall I liked it and will recommend it to all."
5,"It is very nice and good package. Im so happy. But little sad because it is china set. I don't know about it china set yet see manual book . After seeing tha package book. That is one my remark other wi
se are good"
5,Nice product thank you for filpkart
5,Good product I 5star for acer company
5,This laptop is quite good as per the price
5,This is very affordable and nice product
5,"Nice and lightweight notebook for my kids, because they need not Windows & big capacity hard drive. Battery backup and touch is excellent."
5,"Best for study. Can play games but as the display is not that good, satisfaction level will be low. If one needs a laptop for studying only and watching films at times, no need to spend 40k on windows laptops, it is the best. The best part is that it supports almost all the apps of Google Play Store."
5,"Laptop is amazing touchscreen,display, design,sound quality is also good this is worth of money."
5,"Value of money,nice product"
5,"Very nice product
Value off money"
5,"This is my first Laptop, I Bought this Laptop in the Launch offer. After using this I can surely say this is one of the best laptop in this price range. The specifications are too good. I5 12th Gen Processor and RTX 3050 Graphics Card. It gives great performance for both productivity and gaming.(I am using it for Coding and Gaming). The battery backup is also good. (Upto 4 hrs for normal use). Also I loved the Design and build.

It is not too heavy so it's easy to carry around, and I loved t...
READ MORE"
5,osm product best experience then dell or hp
5,"Got delivered yesterday, with accessories too. Accessories are of good quality.I have been using the laptop a lot since yesterday.
Laptop is nice and value for money.
It looks premium. Everything is working as expected. For switching ON for the first time plug-in charger.
Tested Red dead redemption 1 on ultra settings with 60fps cap (didn't go for high fps as it is just an RPG). It is running nicely in and around 70C temp. Even after an hour or so of playing.
For better battery use office mo...
READ MORE"
5,"I love the specs, the build quality, the accessories and everything else. The performance is quite good for the price. The bezels are slim, keyboard is clicky and feels great. The RGB lights add a more funkier look whenever you need it. If you turn it off, the laptop looks like a slim laptop (it is actually very thin considering it is a gaming laptop).

I can blindly recommend even if you are not getting any other accessories. Plus don't forget to add the warranty (be it from Flipkart or fro...
READ MORE"
5,This Laptop is value for money and it's pretty awesome and beast performance at this price range I'm very satisfied 💓😁....
5,"Perfect for young students to attend classes and start practicing to type on a keyboard. Google ecosystem has everything needed for basic computer

Pros
Value for money
Decent speakers
Starts very fast and using basic apps works fine without any lags
USB type-c charging. no need of carry different chargers for different devices.
Google account sync-up
Light weight and sleek

Cons
Can't replace a windows laptop. Chromebook is not as robust as windows
Multi tasking is not good (can't expect mor...
READ MORE"
5,Value for many . It is very useful .
5,"Very nice product. Ideal for kids attending online classes

Good for web browsing and checking mails

Fast boot and not much of a bloat ware"
5,Best laptop for kids it's amazing laptop
5,Best For internet Browsing and Trading
5,Nice value for money for normal usage
5,"Wow that's amazing features this price segment
Awesome product
Thank you Flipkart very fast delivery"
5,"Worth it,
Amazing product
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️"
5,Over all in 16k its awesome
5,"Looking decent 😊
Perfect 👌"
5,Best in the market
5,"if Ms office would have been better if it had been given,
By the way product is good and value for money"
5,"Best for managing online dashboards
For managing businesses online"
5,Infinix nice product 😍😊
5,Really worth laptop value for money
5,"Awesome Value For Money Deal.

Performance like itel i5 8th gen

Display Nd Peak Brightness is Amazing, No Other Brand Would Offer Such Immersive Display At This Price.

Thx To Infinix Brand And Flipkart And Seller ❤️❤️❤️

Keep Bringing Awesome Deals- Happy Customer. ."
5,"Decent product. Build quality super with metal body. Suitable for normal uses like online classes, net browsing, typing."
5,I have been using this device for the last 1 week and it's worth of penny absolutely stunned by the design . I will recommend everyone who has a budget the same as me.
5,"Excellent leptop
Go and buy
Value for money"
5,"For student purpose, it's very good."
5,Super good product
5,Outstanding Excellent product
5,"Good For Coding, Vs Code works fine,
Low budget then go for it"
5,"Very good I loved this one
My first laptop ever
Search TG BGMI ID STORE:- @Trust_bgmi"
5,Nice 🙂
5,"Bought this laptop during Big Billion day sale and its really awesome laptop, lookwise so sleek/premium and have 8gb ram/256gb storage, window 11 preinstalled better than others it has 4k resolution no other brand can beat this laptop features in this price.
I am using it from 20 days and not facing any issues, happy to buy😍"
5,Smart laptop thank you flipcart and thanks chuwi company value for money
5,All good but battery issue is big problem
5,Good product and value for money for sure
5,Awesome experience 🥰❣️
5,Best laptop on budget.. all good.......
5,I thought I was using Mac
5,"One of the best budget segment laptop.it can only be used for surfing internet. multimedia consumption and online study purpose.only
You can't use this for gaming or editing.. There is heating problem but you can solve it by using cooling pad .I am using cooling pad and their is no heating issue."
5,Performance is fast because of ChromeOS and also boots up fast. A good laptop with touchscreen for the price.
5,"Very smart crombook for light work
Performance is good like browsing,office document,download etc
I liked"
5,Very good for online classes. If you want full fledged laptop look elsewhere. This is exclusively for simple day to day work and some entertainment. Speaker is below average. Other than that everything great for the price point
5,"Its awesome. I am too much happy. Rrally its wonderful. Perfect for my daughter. Camera, touch everything is too good. Really i m loving it. Thank you so much to flipkart and the seller"
5,It is a good device. Value for money you can even check the reviews in youtube.
5,Outstanding product. It's compact and feature-packed and it's not too heavy. The functions are also easily understandable for kids so they can do their work on their own. Just Wow.
5,"This laptop is an excellent choice for students who need a reliable, efficient, and durable device for their studies. Its strong build, great performance, and student-friendly features make it a solid investment for academic success........"
5,Good alternative to Windows laptops
5,Good but screen is to small...
5,"Super Product in Budget All Google app will access like word, sheets, etc. other apps will also access like outlook, etc. Don't had doubts about Google Chrome Book worth for money super performance,design and quality and also display. It's a middles class super laptop with all features like regular 30000 above laptop."
5,"I like it more than my laptop..
For study its a best value worthy product I ever seen.
..love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️"
5,"Good product and value for money.
I am satisfied."
5,Awesome product and battery backup I bought for my daughter for online classes she is very 😊
5,Very nice performance
5,Lovely 🌹💕 product for price
5,Nice product smooth working and value for money thank you flifcart.
5,Realy good i like this
5,Superrr...
5,"It's quite a good,budget friendly laptop, don't expect great performance in games, but it is very useful for Official use for students. I am happy to have this laptop. Thanks Infinix"
5,"What a great value for money product.. it is sleek and sturdy, I dont know how infinix is selling such high quality laptop for 20k... it has a celeron processor so you cant play games on it, every thing else is buttery smooth... There are ppl here saying it doesnt have a fan in it... Well many new generation laptops do not have cooling fans, including macbook airs... A fan would have been nice though since it has a heating issue..

But im satisfied with the purchase, One will not regret buyi...
READ MORE"
5,The product is very good.
5,NICE PRODUCT VALUE FOR MONEY
5,"Good product in this range , but solve the problem of heating"
5,good 👌👌
5,Use full product
5,"Too good
I have been using it for one month and am satisfied with it"
5,Nice lappy for student you can play small pc game like csgo
5,Fantabulous...
5,"Very nice product. Very lite.love it.
Thank you infinix"
5,very good laptop at this price slab
5,"Bought it for portable office use. Sleek. Metallic look gives a premium look. Boot up is fast. Win 11 runs smoothly for celeron processor (I was worried abt this part). Used for ppt, movies. No idea about games. Display is good, could be better. 2 type-c ports are fast enough. Overall, full paisa vasool."
5,Overall very good my Kidd happy
5,Good laptop for normal and personnel use only
5,Excellent product loved it
5,"Value for many
✨ Nice product"
5,"Best Product, Best Use Experience
Best Price Range,
Value For Money,
Go For It.."
5,Nice laptop in this price 😍
5,It was nice
5,Good product 👌 👍 👏 superb company 👌 👏excellent 👌 👍 nic product wonderful lowest price very nic good company
5,"Nice and very fantastic product, I had received it some days ago ,it has high battery backup almost 10 to 12 hours nice touchscreen display and it has fast charging speed as it take less than 1.5 hours for charging ,at this price this company is not available in other websites or app , thank you flipkart for keeping this type of product"
5,Gets the job done.
5,"I got this product at 20490
I got this yesterday and i keep using it. At this time it feels nice and very easy to use. I did my research before buying it. I am an aspirant and also like to use social media. I think for students it's a best laptop at this price. This is my first laptop and i very happy about it. I didn't find any flaw right now. I will keep updating this review as i am using it.

Display nice
Screen sences are good too.
I like the design and colour.
It's a very small laptop.
...
READ MORE"
5,"Excellent laptop for online classes and watching videos on apps.
Super light and portable. Very easy to configure and download apps. Lighting fast. Good cam . Display could have been better (4/5)
Best buy in this price (17400)"
5,Very nice Best performance and best quality best price 👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️💞💸💸💸
5,"Very good product..it served my purpose, I could use MS office online version for free on it..
Very feasible to carry, good keyboard, display quality, And the Very user friendly OS..I could not use Qbasic and Logo in it.. except this everything else is perfect..
I am a computer science faculty for a reputed school.."
5,Mind blowing
5,"Thanks flipkart for support and replacing faulty one. Purchased for my daughter class eight. She is happy.
It's sleek light weight portable and touch screen.

Only issue is that my daughter got addicted to it so need to monitor her hours on it."
5,nice...
5,Supper smart
5,After use the laptop i think might be little bit the performance should be better. But it's consider on this price rate
5,"Very good product, I am using this laptop since from one year no single problem till now."
5,"Pros : Such a beast laptop. Easily handles heavy 3d editing sculpting coding designing animation almost everything. Fans are quite loud and can handle the thermals pretty well.speakers I'd say aren't so bad. Those are loud. But a bit torn sound. Would be a great choice for students who are not so much into portability. As you'll need to charge it thrice a day or even more. In my case I use it light mostly hence I've to charge to twice. Depends upon your usage.
Cons : battery I'd say is below ...
READ MORE"
5,"Review after using it for 1 week
Fast delivery by Flipkart and received the laptop within 1 day. Gaming Performance is very good so far in games like RDR 2, cyberpunk punk with 70- 90 fps in ultra settings and temperature around 85 degrees without using a cooling pad and playing for 3-4 hours.

I would recommend it based on price and gaming performance."
5,"Great product . Value for money . Fantastic performance. Neat display . Good for gaming and video editing . Only draw back is the battery . But if ur using it for gaming every laptop needs to be plugged in for best performance . . The laptop does heat up coz of the 4060 and the 12650h . But it's normal if u want to be on a safer side invest in a good cooling pad . Fans are loud . Sound is okay .
Bought it for 68k . So totally worth . Built quality is okay . We can manage if u don't intend...
READ MORE"
5,"I Have Been using this laptop for about 4 months and i run games at the highest setting for 6-7 straight and this laptop is very VERY powerful for this price range, BUT it have given blue screen errors sometimes randomly while gaming, and i had to reinstall windows which completely wiped my data. I would recommend this to people who knows about computers or have handled this kind of situations.
OTHERWISE this is the best laptop you can have and YES it has heating issues but what would you exp...
READ MORE"
5,"Good quality. Display is really amazing, performance is very good, overall highly recommended."
5,GREAT Laptop . slightly bad at thermal management but we can use cooling pad or also it supports undervolting .. so no need to worry about it.. else great laptop.
5,"Good Quality Infinix laptop
So Fast speed but 128 Gb SSD RAM 4 GB"
5,Nice value for money❤️
5,"Good product, value of money, easy handling"
5,Product is value for money. Best laptop in this price range.
5,Laptop is a Good But Battery Problem.. Continue use 4 to 5 hour's is Battery Backup..
5,The laptop is working perfectly with no issues. Great specs for the price. Definitely consider it if your budget is around 80k.
5,"I'm writing after a month, I grabbed it in the sale, I want to ask people what else do you want it's a beast with good price"
5,Unbelievable Value for Money. Only catch is speaker volume is less. Rest everything is too good for the price
5,Beast in this price range go for it if you really want a good gaming machine in the budget.
5,Nice product I LOVE IT'S
5,Supar
5,"Writing this Review after 7 Days of usage.
+Backlit keyboard
+HDMI port (refer attached pic)
+Type-C usb both support charging and direct display output/ No hub or adopter needed.
+Great Battery life web based works (did lots of spreadsheet edit/ create in Google Docs as well as MS office 365 Android app)
+Enabled Linux and Install Firefox and browse a lot of web - battery life is same as native Chrome browser.
+Display is matte finish so no reflection.
+Fast boot time with official update t...
READ MORE"
5,"Honest Review ( Best Budget laptop with Google os)
Fast bootup 8 sec
Soft Multitasking
Go for it
U"
5,Tooo good mama
5,"The only issue is battery backup
Otherwise it's great lap"
5,These is the best budget friendly laptop and it's gives best experience to use
5,Good 👍
5,Best parfomance
5,"It's the best Laptop at this price point, for students, and for Basic office work purposes it's the best Deal"
5,"Best ever Android laptop with better feature I bought it on big billion day sale.

for student it is highly recommend it is hot like windows laptop because it is Android.

insted of using mobile this is the best future learning laptop.

it has type c port specially designed for fast charging.

quality is best according to the price."
5,"Everything works great, just sometimes their are issues with it not displaying charging when put on charging."
5,It is a light weight Android software laptop . Which is easy to carry. It work smooth . It have its app store where maximum no of apps are present.It is good for education purpose as all study platform app are there.
5,Good 👍👍👍 Primebook laptop
5,Best product in this price range. Go for it
5,Very nice laptop and customer support provided by prime book seller. Thanks seller
5,Before buying it I was thinking that I am compromising my experience but after using for a month now I think it's far ahead of my expectations .so I would suggest if you have low budget and looking for a device for studies and other casual works then you should definitely go for this.
5,Great value for money
5,"A made in India, reliable dell machine. Sound, screen, battery, design, speed, etc reasonably good. Good for all everyday tasks."
5,"Got the laptop for 67k at offer, Cons that I found are battery and speaker.Battery lasts about 3-3.5hrs while watching movie.But it has rapid charging which charges the laptop within just minutes.
NB:Check for battery drain while gaming even though the laptop is charging. I faced this issue while playing rdr2 in ultra settings. The problem is with the 170 w adapter which is not enough for this machine. Just ask customer support and they will send 230w one. I had asked for replacement and they...
READ MORE"
5,"Got this laptop for 65k during sale.
The display is 100% srgb and really bright.
The Speakers are what you expect from a gaming laptop. Just okay.
The processor is 12th gen but it works for me
Now for the graphic card, I have only played PUBG on high settings and its giving me between 110-120 fps.
I cannot say anything about the battery life for now as i have not checked how long it can last without charging. I have seen reviews for other LOQ laptops and expect atleast 2 hours.
Also the boot ...
READ MORE"
5,Powerful Machine! Just go for it. As of now no issues found
5,"Its a beast!! Awesome performance.
The display is amazing 100% srgb. But the speakers are not much loud. And also there's the battery drain issue while doing heavy tasks and gaming. It could resolve by getting a 230w power adapter. They could have gave the RGB keyboard instead of just Backled keyboard. The camera is below average,its a 720p camera."
5,Amazing product! It has many latest features .One of the amazing features is the webcam shield. The laptop works smoothly. It is a good purchase.
5,Product is good at this price range.
5,"1.Beast like performance
2.No thermal issue ,very good cooler
3.Display quality is good
4.Battery is less but as usual for all gaming laptop (2hrs) using battery saver increase the run time
5.good rgb backlit keyboard and also keys are good quality
6.design is good
7.many customisation option
8. worth for money so go for it ✅🤜🤛"
5,"One of the best purchases I've ever made and,but battery life could've been better and same for the display could've been better"
5,"If you are looking for budget gaming laptop,just go for it."
5,"Yeah, it's pretty good"
5,it's Fabulous Thank U Flipkart.
5,This chromebook is simply awesome.
5,Good product. Working good condition. Value of money
5,It’s a chromebook. Great for basic tasks. Can install VS code and run python (under Linux Dev mode). ARM processor makes it great for android emulation. Touchscreen was a surprise. Chromebook benefits not available in India so beware of that.
5,"Amazing speed, comfortable keyboard, still getting used to Google docs"
5,Good and small laptop for students and small office work
5,Excellent chromebook in budget 👌👍
5,Very good niece
5,"Best product at this price....
💯 Satisfied!"
5,"It's my first chromebook. Worth to buy, great battery, great display, average performance sometimes it disconnect from wifi automatically but get resolve after resetting. Overall great experience. If you watch movies, online test series and general surfing,
then this is great choice for you"
5,"Compact Simple & Lag free performance.
Best for streaming"
5,in this budget the best laptop u can ever find
5,This is such an amazing product under much affordable range..A regular day to day works are doable with such an ease..Can enjoy binge time too..Crazy and catchy look is top notch
5,Really it's cool product hp doing great you can do any work in this laptop but minimum work Excel and ms office available in this Chromebook
5,Nice laptop loved it 😃
5,"Great performance
Good thermals
Average screen ( good considering its a gaming laptop)
The 4050 works good
Battery can last upto 4 hrs from 100 to 0 ( considering u have only opened 2 to 3 applications and have brightness around 40 with backlit off)"
5,"It is definitely worth it.
Price : you are getting 4050 and i5 12th gen at a good price range.
Battery: have a mux switch,but still it's a gaming laptop so don't expect much.
Display: not the best one out there but it is sufficient for most tasks."
5,Fantastic performance. First time using RTX GPU laptop. Great features like nvidia broadcast. Display is great with 100% sRGB. Battery is also ok compared to IdeaPad gaming laptops but not great. Design is sleek with all the ports and vents on the backside. Overall no problem till now. Also DLSS 3.0 is future proof.
5,"Everything is going fine, BUT, THE BATTERY its absolutely 💩...... the most it can give u is 1hr 45mins...THAT TOO only when the screen is JUST ON and i am not doing anything......om normal use, it will just give you around 1 hour. Rest, performance etc is good"
5,good performance 😁
5,Great Deal go For it .
5,Value for money but battery backup is not good
5,Amazing machine
5,Too good!!!
5,High performance and gamming device
5,Laptop is very good but one problem battery drain fastly and charge speed is very fast I like it.
5,This is a absolute beast!!!
5,"This laptop is a beast. I wanted to get a high end laptop so I bought it. After getting it, i got to understand I didn't need so much high specs laptop.
The display quality is so so good. Sound is good but loudness is medium, could have been louder. I have only played asphalt, death stranding, watch dogs2 and till now gameplay has been awesome.
Multimedia plays out awesome...
Cons include battery life and heating. Although good heat management has been provided, still the laptop heats up a ...
READ MORE"
5,Still holds the crown 🏆
5,It is a BEAST 😍.
5,"I got for 1.10 lakh, in this price this is the one and only best product (again at which price i got this is the best product, if you can't get it around this price consider something else..)"
5,An Excellent Perchance....A Powerful Gaming Beast...Go for it without even thinking coz I researched it so you don't have to...
5,"I got a new product and has been working fine since installation. I will use it some time and then update the actual performance of the device. For Flipkart and the seller, the product reached safely and was new."
5,"Laptop first impression is impressive it is working good till now,im using this for last two months. Sound quality is medium, as of now I have noticed one issue that is i have got gap between screen and bezel at the bottom . Im using 3d design software the performance is good."
5,"I've been using it for about a month now, and after testing it properly I can say it's a beast for gaming and super smooth for editing even in 4K resolution with no lag at all. It's extremely fast for editing as well. Overall it's great value for money. I highly recommend it. There's no screen bleeding either. However if you use it on a bed it does get heated. When used on a pad it heats up only slightly so avoid using it on soft surfaces especially when gaming. The RGB keyboard also looks fa...
READ MORE"
5,Still holds the crown 👑
5,"It works great, performance, display, design, all are amazing. Great value for money. No issues as of now, it's been a few days since purchased."
5,"the seller is really good
sent the product a little early

the product is in good condition"
5,Love the experience of laptop.
5,Beast in the house!!
5,Very useful laptop very easy and very good performance
5,"Thank you flipkart
Display 5 star ⭐
Keyboard 5 ⭐
Battery 4
Touch pad 5
Nice 👍 product"
5,It's good for students and this price range it's decent product ...
5,"Amazing experience, no words to explain its quality. It's the best laptop in this range."
5,"Such a wonderful product .. I just love it 😀 😍..
Battery performance is super 👌
Also display quality is very good 👍
Value of money 💰
I write my review after 1 month of use..
Overall the product is awesome 👌 👏 👍 😍"
5,Best laptop for those students whose study application supports only Android. Its features and battery performance is also nice . And screen quality is also good. I am so happy to purchase this prime book
5,Very good quality.💕
5,Running very smooth and battery performance is very good ( arround 10 to 11 hours after a single charge)
5,"Value for money..
Nice product..
Good, battery 🔋 backup allso good"
5,Nice product in this price range. Easy to carry. Performance is also good. Some basic software support is needed. Customer service is very good. Go for it for this price range
5,"Perfect Laptop.🤩
Booting and app performance are good
Battery Can be needed more power,,rest overall good laptop for students
....Go for it💻👈"
5,Good product! Its running smoothly and performing well🖤
5,Its a wonderful gadget in low budget
5,I am glad to have prime book to become my life journey.. very good product and features
5,It is nice product.
5,"The laptop is great value for money! It has best value for money specifications! It is not meant for gaming! It has HDMI 1.4 and does not have thunderbolt port. Older games will also make the system warm and you can feel it because the outlet is in the hinge and heat will make the screen warm! The cooling does create sound while gaming. The glossy screen reflects a lot of light. You do not get MS Office but instead MS 365 for 1 year! The benchmark scores are great in the over boost mode. Sing...
READ MORE"
5,"I am quite happy with the purchase. Feel like using MacBook Pro. Nice display, awesome performance. Like the keyboard too.
Power boost and camera applications having glitches but it not a big deal."
5,I also had doubts about the laptop because of such a low price. But after using it for 2 weeks the laptop is working as smooth as butter. The specifications at this price point are completely insane. By far the most value for money laptop I have ever seen.
5,Nice gaming laptop. Battery backup only the issues.
5,"This laptop is a beast and all my applications work smoothly. I am a software developer, so I need to run 5-6 applications simultaneously. This runs them so smoothly. I am so glad I upgraded from i5 to i7."
5,This laptop is a great deal if you can get it for less than 1.1 lakh. Good gaming performance from the RTX 4060 with a crisp bright display
5,Processor is beast. Game playing is smooth. Display is awesome. Battery backup is bit less but thanks to fast charging which fully charge the laptop in an hour. Overall best laptop at this price range.
5,Top notch performance but battery doesn't last as much compared to other competitors with same specifications
5,"Product is superb superb specs for the prize in manageable weight , good display , asus features , rtx GPU for AI and gaming i5 12500h with 12 cores and 16 threads CPU with a great backlight keyboard with 70WH battery and it supports type c charging with high enough wattage good all around product I would have been soo happy if they used 90hz or 120hz OLED panel like vivobook 15."
5,"Best in the market ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Good for editing
Top notch performance
Same features u have to pay more then 1.2lakh for other brand..
I am reviewing this after 1 week of use..

Cons:
C type charger not provided
Little noise in boost mode.."
5,"Fantastic machine for it's price. I bought it on BBD sale.
Usage : MATLAB 2023, BLENDER , ADOBE PHOTOSHOP.
MY take : It is easily able to handle Matlab and CPU oriented task, (I had speculation before purchase as getting an i9 13th gen at that price). .
Blender is using GPU to its core and probably if you are looking for heavy GPU tasks that you may look for a laptop with dedicated chip.
It can handle CPU oriented heavy tasks easily but GPU's only basic one's.
Cons
The charger could have be...
READ MORE"
5,Just Wow✨😍
5,"Battery is awesome. Easily lasts more than 2 days for an average work from home situation. Quick touch response. Not so good camera.

In Zoom app, pencil feature is missing. For MS office we have to purchase to use the features.

However, satisfied for my regular work. Value for money product."
5,"I Received my hp Chromebook 11A today. Latest launched hp Chromebook is 100% value for money. A new kind of experience.Starts within seconds, Nice design, looks pretty good,blue color makes it classy, Very useful specially for day to day lite online office work, web surfing, watching videos, movies, you tube & Netflix, camera is ok for video calling, online meetings,good battery life, incredibly light weight,slim, Handy, easy to carry, good touchscreen and easy to use. From play store Heavy a...
READ MORE"
5,Very very nice leptop 🥰
5,"Cons - Microsoft teams app not supported.

Use Microsoft teams with chrome browser and save bookmark act like as App."
5,Excellent laptop for learning children
5,An amazing device especially for high & smooth performance. Online classes goes well.. Touch & type makes it more effective & efficient. Worth buying :)
5,"An awesome product from HP at this price.

The Laptop looks great & is very light to carry. Plus it has touchscreen.
The performance is good for basic use, it handles multiple chrome tabs & apps easily. Battery is the best thing here. Easily gives more than 9-10 hrs of battery life, depending on use.

The Web cam quality is also decent at this price point.
The sound quality is also decent. You get 45 gb of storage of this device (as system uses the rest).

The touchscreen is responsive &...
READ MORE"
5,"Very good product in this price range for official work like online meeting, file editing, creating files, watching movies. Battery backup is outstanding. Design is very good. Thanks to Flipkart for so fast delivery."
5,"HP 11a Chromebook has hit many sweet spots as an affordable and functional device that can function beyond online education tool.
The chrome OS is refreshing, fast and simple to use. Remember few useful shortcuts that can be accessed by just typing ctrl + alt + / that actually is a shortcut to open the shortcuts chart. One could also explore the Chromebook simulator on Google that helps in preparing to use the Chromebook.

Office apps such as docs, sheets, presentations are very comprehensive...
READ MORE"
5,"I love HP Chromebook.

Best Value of money 😎"
5,"Bang for buck. Just go for it, Only one con which can be sorted.

I have purchased a windows 10 celeron laptop from acer years back, it is too slow to use because windows can not perform without good hardware.

Chromebook is perfect choice for this less powerful hardware for casual use, Netflix, Zoom/Google Meet classes & browsing etc all works perfect without any lag.
Also no heating issue, very slim & compact form factor

Pros:
- Apps from appstore is a huge plus.
- touchscreen is a huge pl...
READ MORE"
5,I love my laptop.
5,"This Laptops just makes me curious because the value it offers at this competitive price is just unmatched. I haven't expected the performance it actually provides whether it is battery, gaming, multitasking or anything it just performs so well that you can't complain. The only thing I would not appreciate is the weight, it has 1.8kg of weight which is little on the higher side, it could be the best if it could come under 1.5kgs. Overall it's the best out there available on the market."
5,"Very good product at this price range (55k) . Display, performance, style everything is superb. If you trust this brand just go for it .
Battery backup is also nice.
But the charger looks like cheap quality , should have provided a good type c charger."
5,Amazing Laptop in this budget
5,"It's fantastic.
You can have i9 13th Gen. 32GB Ram and 1TB SSD in such a low price. Aluminium metal body and others are the plus.
I got it in below 50K. (Lower than the processor market price)
I don't know how, but they are doing a very good job.

Now Cons:
1. No dedicated service stations.
2. A QR code is on keyboard side for the same.
Very disappointed with the service centre the way they planned.

Rest it is a Good choice.

Thanks Infinix, thanks Flipkart

Best
Shubham"
5,"What a Laptop.... Awesome Value for Money....

INFINIX has the Best Strategy Spend the Marketing Budget in Providing Value for Money Products...

This Laptop has everything you need except the Camera Closing Shutter...

But Rest Assured This Laptop Ranks #1 in Value for Money..."
5,"Laptop is good ,I don't know about infinix service but features of the laptop and I am writing this review by using laptop 4 days.

Performance is good, Overall laptop is worth it for programmers."
5,"Super laptop at this price. If you want to buy a laptop in the range of 60k, go for this laptop.
Its full value for money"
5,I like this product.its very good perform.
5,"Tris product is Excellent. In this price range of 48k(including all bank discounts and EMI offers) you can purchase this undoubtedly. Initially hesitated to buy this looking at some other reviews about this laptop. but in my budget this is the best option i have.

My review after using 48 hours:

1. Performance is awesome like butter smooth. You can run any kind of large projects or heavy processing tasks like guidewire applications, very large eEnterprise
applications very smoothly on th...
READ MORE"
5,"nice product for this movement
32 gb ram
amazing i9"
5,India's best laptop in best price
5,"Amazing laptop. It's like a Windows Macbook.

The i9 and 32GB of RAM are the real game changers and help with multitasking, especially when I am coding.

The looks and display are beautiful, but the hinges can be made a bit more sturdy.

I was confused as Infinix is a new brand, but I am glad that I went with it as there is no other laptop in this price range providing this powerful performance."
5,"i,9 @ 49999 is a must buy"
5,Awesome features and excellent performance. Able to super smoothly execute all heavy weight task simultaneously . Steal deal !!!!!
5,Good just go for it
5,"Deep Learning Capabilities 10/10
Infinix ZeroBook excels in handling deep learning calculations. Whether you're training machine learning models or running complex simulations, this laptop delivers exceptional speed and accuracy. It's a reliable companion for professionals working in fields like artificial intelligence and data science.
BUT Charger Quality 0/10
Regrettably, the one area where the Infinix ZeroBook falls short is the quality of its charger. The charger provided with the laptop ...
READ MORE"
5,"Awesome product for the price,
budget friendly,
good performance so far,
battery backup is around 8 hours in normal mode,
build quality is good.
It's a value for money product"
5,"Outstanding performance,I love it."
5,"Excellent product, equivalent product from dell costing 4 lakhs"
5,Nice laptop top parfomanc
5,Nice laptop for bachelor students.
5,Elegant Design
5,"Good sound and camera, working performance and battery back up is average overall it is good laptop."
5,World best laptop and value for money . I recommend to buy . Thanks to Flipkart because it's only available on Flipkart
5,"Very powerful performance,
Best display,
Value of money.
Thank you infinix. 🙏
I think such quality is not available in 60k.So the price of Infinix should be around 80k it's one of the best laptop in my life 🙏❣️😎👌💥💪"
5,"A perfect all rounder offering good performance, decent battery 🔋 life, good full HD display, with amazing colour reproduction and great sound from inbuilt speakers that support DTS. Keyboard, Trackpad, Microphone, Webcam and Finger Print scanner are working as expected. Extremely satisfied with the packaging and delivery experience from Flipkart."
5,"nice, smoothly working. i gave 5 star because i didn't face anyproblem after one weak using"
5,Value for money 😊 and excellent for all kind of students for online classes and self study....really loved it 😍
5,Best laptop in this range
5,"It is the No. 1 laptop for that much money.

But that laptop has integrated graphics, it doesn't support directx 12 ultimate."
5,"Everything is good, but battery backup is not upto the mark.but ok laptop performance and working conditions is excellent, only battery backup issue"
5,"Awesome product same best in segment but trackpad has a great issue as reported in all reviews , after working of 1 hour issue reccur so u have to for retart to solve the issue
All other things which a normal coding person or student or a normal gamer need are good."
5,Good Product. Thanks Flipkart.
5,"Very nice, works well, performance in top notch."
5,"Good product very best laptop, speed all
Better and best price"
5,Awesome Laptop heavyweight configuration on this price. I got this in 49k. If you are IT professional.go for it. Not recommended for heavy graphic work.
5,Best of the best laptop 😍
5,"Except touchpad issue it's great value for money product, i bought it in 55k, touchpad is out of control after an hours of use it feels very laggy."
5,Nice 👍🥰🥰
5,Excellent product at lowest price
5,Very good and fantastic laptop.. good and very smooth...function and lots of storage.. recommended to everyone to buy this.. good battery backup than other laptops and excellent for office and college workings.
5,"Excellent 👌
Performance is super no words to speak.
Excellent laptop at this price range.
Go for it😍"
5,"Faced with some touchpad issues, Don't know whether they are hardware or software related. Got it for 59k on sale, best value for money, been watching from the launch to grab."
5,Good Laptop for day to day usage.
5,Excellent product at reasonable price. I love it. I buy the latest technology sooner than most. I like the customer service too. Calling me on the second day of delivery and assuring customer support. I feel great to have Primebook.
5,Just awesome awesome but you may develop speakers but in this range this laptop is insane ❣️love you prime book my first laptop 🤟❣️🤞
5,Best budget laptop for students loved it
5,Good product velu for money
5,Good 👍👍👍👍
5,"Thank you primebook for innovative and excellent product at very pocket friendly budget. I am an academician and after going through many articles about primebook I purchased 1 for me and using it from last 3 months. The product is excellent for students and teachers and also will be handy for doing research work as Microsoft office works seamlessly integrated it. Battery backup is very good almost 5-6 hrs, volume output is mind blowing."
5,Value for many best
5,"Awesome Laptop
I would say just woow, bcz it's amazing for daily excel and regular work. Best performance, small in size , easy to carry."
5,"Best ever Android laptop with better feature I bought it on big billion day sale. for student it is highly recommend it is hot like windows laptop because it is Android. insted of using mobile this is the best future learning laptop. it has type c port specially designed for fast charging. quality is best according to the price. But i bought wifi veriant because I use only wifi But This is not for rough handed people and Rich people People who have been using high end laptop please don't buy ...
READ MORE"
5,"Good performance I played free fire, Clash of clans multiple times complete lag free performance but camera is average not too good BGMI and other android apps are also available in app store."
5,Nice product and good quality
5,I got this in 9k and I must say this is the best laptop in this price range..I even got a call from the brand itself related to customer support..I recommend this to students and those who just wanted to access mails and basic things.
5,Owsem yaar this prime book..thank you prime book or Flipkart for this laptop👍
5,It's a great laptop and delivery was very fast but the box condition was okay but laptop and other things inside the box were great and I am using this laptop working properly and battery backup is great and laptop is very fast and it's easy to carry because it's slim and light weight thanks Flipkart 👍👍👍👍 keep it up
5,"Very good purchase. Really worth the money.
Battery backup is very good almost lasts 2 days in simple average usage. i.e continuous usage of 12 to 14 hrs.
Display is bright and it has anti reflective surface which is quite good.
Good processing power for daily average usage not for pro users who play games or do some stuff on their pc
as apps are not optimised on play store to support big screen. Apps that run in landscape mode in mobile runs very well. Good for students to take classes a...
READ MORE"
5,Awesome laptop with great battery backup and light weight. Perfect for my needs..👍👍
5,"Best netbook money can buy. Infinite battery life, sleek design, snappy performance for browsing and light usages. Average screen, and speaker sound on lower side."
5,Best machine under 23k
5,Very good processor and very good graphic card...I can easily switch multiple windows in a smooth way. Go and buy it 😀
5,Product is g
5,Great product. I got this product at 61k and I think it is value for money. I got issue with battery performance. Otherwise it is a great product.
5,This product is awesome. Thank you Flipkart for delivery on before time.
5,Best laptop for students as well as competative aspirants 👍 must buy it💯
5,"Performance is very good and day to day malti tasking using very good but battery backup normal

Value For money"
5,Good in terms of performance with this price tag. N100 makes it unique and really stands out for it.
5,so nice thanks Flipkart Amazing product 🙏🙏
5,"I have never seen a laptop in this price range, it runs gta 5, blender latest version and many more software, yes you may be compromised by the fps because there is no extended graphics card, but as a beginner and intermediate you can go for this , I am also a software engineer and some time use this laptop for 3d design and modeling"
5,"Bought this for 18k. At this price point this was the cheapest 12th gen N100, 8G/256/1080p. The build quality is surprisingly decent. Trackpad is large and keyboard has good travel to it.

My only worry is the service quality. Will update this review if and when the needs comes."
5,Good Performance Lappy in this price budget!
5,👌 Perfect for the price.. All rounder..
5,"Best gaming laptop 💪💪
Excellent Laptop
Excellent performance 👍"
5,"AMAZING VALUE FOR MONEY LAPTOP WITH THIS SPECIFICATION, GOOD BUIKD QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE IS TOO GOOD , TRUELY VALUE FOR MONEY , FUTURE READY LAPTOP , SINCE I DONT PLAY GAMES TOO MUCH BUT FOR GAMERS YOU CAN GO FOR IT , BUT DONT EXPECT EVERY HEAVY GAMES RUNS SMOOTH , PLUS BATTERY BACKUP IS GOOD IF I KEEP LAPTOP ON HIGH PERFORMANCE SETTINGS , IT LAST 4 HOURS ACCORDINGLY HOW YOU USE IT , FOR ME IT FULLFIL MY NEED FOR BUSINESS AND FUTURE READY LAPTOP.. THANKS INFINIX FOR OFFERING SUCH A NICE LAP...
READ MORE"
5,"Product is good
But now my mouse cursor is not working now"
5,"The best laptop for IT Engineers. The system configuration is very high with a low price.
I just love it."
5,"It is very much satisfied as per my expectations
The performance is good and feels very much premium..."
5,"The Chuwi Gemibook Plus impresses with its sharp display, snappy performance, and solid build quality. It's a great value for money laptop with super Bright screen and comfortable typing experience, ideal for productivity and multimedia on the go."
5,"*Value for money
*On this range best performance laptop
*But this laptop is not for gaming"
5,So good product nice preform
5,Value for money this product
5,This is a very good laptop. It is the best laptop for low budget. I have used it for a week and there is no problem with it.
5,Best lap
5,Best laptop in this price range
5,"Good product. I do web development with it. Can run visual studio, vs code. Not recommended for android development."
5,Awesome Display and good sound quality 3
5,"The product's very nice and build quality is better in this price, light weight if any one need so go for it"
5,"Excellent performance and build quality,feels very premium and the distinction of an Omen from a Victus can be clearly felt,Battery life is average and Display is really good,Speakers are average as to be expected,and Overall is a really good buy for the price"
5,Performance wise at this price point this laptop is just a beast! That 4050 gpu is just amazing! Laptop cooling system also works great!
5,Exported to batter
5,Good product 👍👍👍👍
5,"Very good product . This is value for money . Smooth laptop , just like wow. thank you flipkart"
5,"Performance is too good,amazing product."
5,"Just amazing performance..got this at 64k
So here is my full review..

Performance - 10/10 ( full use of rtx 4050, amazing thermal,best ssd speed at this price ) I played Ghost of Tushima, Cyberpunk, Star wars jedi Survivor..it performed amazing..in competative games Cpu temp little bit higher..i preferred cooling pad or laptop stand for this type of games..other wise in story mode games just beast..

Battery - 9/10 ( it's last about 3-4hr max with eco mode, you can push little bit more..dep...
READ MORE"
5,Great buy. Totally worth every penny.
5,Best laptop in this price segment.Exlent performance with RTX 4050 GPU
5,"Look, performance, build quality excellent."
5,"i loved it, superb performance, awesome battery and touch is just wow.. this is a complete package, design is also premium and build is also premium, loved it ...."
5,"Best laptop for this price range

It supports google playstore application only
Windows software will not support
Boot time was fast
Easy to access application like android phone
I got 64 GB emmc storage - out of 64 GB only 45 GB will get for storage purpose
Ips display was good and night mode also available
I can able to play video 1080p without lagging or struck"
5,Awesome product from hp best for students
5,Fully satisfied ❤️✅
5,Good 👍🏻
5,Outstanding Laptop
5,Just amezing 😱 🔥
5,Fabulous 😍😍😍😍😍
5,"Product is good, but battery backup is all over 3 hours"
5,Great deal
5,It's totally worth it
5,"Nice performance
Smooth working"
5,Good product I love this 😍
5,Awesome Performance and Quality. It is value for money.
5,Loved it... Most value for money
5,"we can the trust the product as well as flipkart
BATTERY :
*) AVG OF 5-6 HRS
DISPLAY :
*)JUST LOOK LIKE WOW 🥰
PERFOMANCE ITS ALSO GOOD
WORTH:
VALUE OF MONEY PRODUCT AS PER MY EXPERIENCE TILL NOW"
5,"Overall good product. Getting 250+ fps on valorant. And had no heating issues as such.
But in the same range acer predator Helios neo 16 is a better option. You will get a better processor with a better display."
5,Looks like an awesome product. Packaging was too good.
5,So far good. Were concerned if deal was genuine and product is genuine but happy with the product so far
5,Beast Laptop
5,Perfect for Budget oriented Gaming Laptop 👌
5,The thermals and performance is much better than NitroV and LOQ. 150+ fps in CS2 at high settings and 300 fps in Valo at low-medium settings. The fans are also very quiet for a gaming laptop. The screen quality is also better than NitroV and LOQ. This one has no backports so no Hall senser issue either. Has MuX switch but requires restart.
5,It's an awesome piece of machinery everything works smoothly you can achieve your goals without spending a lot of money and yes this PC in gaming is
5,value for money in budget
5,Tooo classy
5,"Value for money product. Only cons is battery backup otherwise performance is best and metal finish top-bottom body, looks nice"
5,"Superb experience I have already One laptop and LCD Brand in acer I like Acer only
Acer is the One of the Number one brand in india"
5,Very nice product. Loving it
5,Awesome laptop performance in home use or offline use
5,"Very good product, but the battery finishes fastly"
5,such a nice product
5,Good product thanks for flipkart and thanks for Hp omen for suggestion this laptop
5,"At this price best product
Only processor is little low"
5,Just wow!
5,I really love this gaming beast
5,"Product is nice and good but delivery is bad
Laptop 95/💯"
5,"Excellent product. There was a delay in delivery which I didn't like.
Rest, the best buy I've ever made
Look is classy, work is Excellent.
Little bit heating while gaming with charger plugged in but that is bearable
Go for it."
5,I Recommend it....👍🏻
5,Initially was afraid as the delivery time was of 15 days and also got negative feedbacks about the seller Indiflashmart online but anyways the patience of 15 days has delivered a fantastic piece to me with no flaws and beast Laptop
5,Thank you for supporting the flipkart team
5,"Really amazing product and great value for money.

Pros -

Display is top notch.

Battery backup more than 5 hrs on internet.

CPU performance is outstanding

It's slim and sturdy

Build quality is solid

With 0 cpu fan sound

Type C charging

Cons -

Sound quality is low

Camera is average

Laptop heats on medium to heavy load




Really amazing product for price."
5,Good budget laptop and you can Play free fire smoothly in this laptop very good laptop
5,I think almost everything is perfect in this primebook. And also thankful to you and your working team for this beautiful gift for our upcoming generetions.🙏😇🫡🫠
5,Is price range mein best laptop hai
5,Value for money 🙏🙏🕉️❤️
5,Very use full
5,Nice Product👍
5,Very nice budget laptop for students
5,Nice product and value for money 💰
5,"Fully satisfied with the display quality, speed, performance and look of the laptop!"
5,Best for this price laptop
5,Overall I am satisfied with the product except few things: Keyboard buttons should be in black color.There is a challenge for typing in dark room.Battery backup should be improved.
5,Best Laptop For Students And office Work.
5,Great product. value for money
5,"Awesome product by Hp
The Laptop is sleek and beautiful in terms of looks
The performance is top notch , boots just in 6 seconds
Battery backup is also lovely
Worth every penny , just go for it , its a powerful beast waiting to be unleashed .
Screen is glossy one generated great colors and vibrancy , if you have a lot of outdoor work then may be distracting as its not antiglare but with anti glare you will miss out on picture sharpness
For me its the best screen as my usage if mostly fo...
READ MORE"
5,"Nothing about to worry if you want this product in (58.000)this range, I am using this since 2 months.Sound quality is really commendable .But one thing is to worry that is battery backup 😔.It gives only two and half hour avarage backup."
5,"Love this 13 th generation PC. Took the right decision to purchase. Good fit for Developer and gaming.
Value for money. Concern is Received DDR4 Ram but for the developer it's fine."
5,"Excellent for home use.
Only ddr4 ram used insted ofddr5"
5,Hp is trust
5,"Brand new unit ,you can definitely go for it every thing is perfect, better performance could be better 🙂 it gives 3 to 4 hours average backup for heavy uses, and for normal uses it gives 5 to 7 hours ,but not to worry it get fully charged in 80 to 90 minutes while using also . The design is amazing I just loved it. Sleek and build quality is too good , display experience is also good . The fingerprint scanner works on the frequency of neno second....... Unlock in .005 second"
5,outstanding product the display is top notch
5,Nice Value for money
5,Amazing product love it
5,Good one...
5,"I bought this laptop for normal usage working with MS office and Adobe products (Acrobat and Photoshop). 8 Gb Ram is not sufficient however managed to work with it.
Pros:
1. Display
2. Processor
3. Built quality
4. Battery backup

Cons:
1. Heats up when working more than 1 hour with few applications.
2. Sound is low.

Conclusion: i recommend this laptop for those who work minimally on daily tasks."
5,"Best in terms of value
Awesome display
Good battery backup
Good performace
Asthetic looks

Lil bit gets warm /hot while heavy y
Usage"
5,Outstanding laptop 💻🙌🫶
5,"I recently purchased the MSI Thin 15 Intel Core i5 13th Gen 13420H from Flipkart, and I am thoroughly impressed with its performance and features. Here's a detailed review of the laptop along with its pros and cons.

Performance
The MSI Thin 15, powered by the Intel Core i5 13th Gen 13420H processor, delivers outstanding performance. Whether multitasking, running demanding applications, or enjoying some casual gaming, the laptop handles everything smoothly. The 13th Gen Intel Core i5 ensures ...
READ MORE"
5,Best und
5,Nive product
5,I loved it 😍
5,Very good product.Nicely packed by flipkart.
5,Good product on this price for students ☺️
5,Thanks flipkart..Good Product 💐
5,It's performance is fabulous and it is for learning and also for gaming and all purposes of business work great thank for making this primebook this change my full daily schedule in a very efficient way I get a luxury Life by buying this whenever I am a middle class
5,"This products is unbelievable😍.
Android laptop is very good perform. Battary backup is good👍"
5,I AM A LIC ADVISOR I BOUGHT PRIMEBOOK LAPTOP THIS MONTH AND I DO MY ALL WORK WITH THIS LAPTOP THIS IS VERY GOOD FOR STUDENTS. ( VALUE FOR MONEY)( LAPTOP IN MOBILE PRICE) I RECOMENDED TO ALL FRIENDS.
5,Iam Lucky usefull this
5,"Nice product it is for beginner not for professional workers etc. It is a long lasting better life within 8 hours and bigger display and displays ok ok but the keyboard qualities so good, so I considered to buy this laptop because it is for make for student and it is an Android so I can't using my mobile phone and use only for this laptop. For the better experience in the bigger screen of the Android."
5,superb product with this price...i'm happy..
5,A nice product and I think Prime Book is doing great job to provide such stuff to the professionals who don't need to much complexity in their device.... It's a light weight laptop having a very light but nice operating system
5,This primebook laptop is really good. Thanks to primebook authorities for making this type of laptop. I am fully satisfied with this laptop.
5,good product
5,Features and performance really good
5,The product is really good. The only issue I found so far is the volume of the speaker is very low.
5,"I bought this laptop 7-9-2023. The design and the way of speed of this laptop is too good.
I have one concern here that is I feel like battery is completing too speed. May be we are updating the software in machine so.....

I have last few words, Must go for this laptop 💻"
5,Laptop is value and worth of money BUT the battery is the main problem rather than Battery everything is fine and good
5,Best for students and office use
5,"It is an original product, Design is good and sturdy, one feature i like the most that during sleep u can charge ur laptop by c type cable ,in emergency it helps a lot. Battery is Ok Ok remaining things are fast ."
5,Awesome Laptop.
5,Great product wi
5,It is powerfill leptop.
5,Overa vgood
5,Super per
5,Worth for money and great product
5,Nice product but window not pree installed
5,Best Product 😀
5,Super work
5,Simply super
5,Best buy for any grade of student...it is portable light weight and one can do their basic study with this laptop very efficiently...i must recommend to every student go for ....
5,"Compact and usefull, value for money"
5,Good luck
5,Perfect device for online classes and entertainment purpose.
5,Best product value for money.
5,Nice qailty
5,Great laptop in this budget.Games will run on average setting.
5,VeryNice Thankyou Flipkart 🙏
5,"Superb performance at this price range .
Great battery backup.
Plus points of its metal alloy body is very low heating as metal body helps in heat dissipation.
Look is also good .
Processing speed is very good as it's I3 .
Display is full hd ."
5,Really great.stylish and beautiful and performance is great.its big and
5,Awesome product as per the expectation.
5,Good product...
5,Love
5,"- Received laptop safely on time.
- Product is exactly the same as shown or mentioned on the Flipkart description.
- Value for money. Got a Great deal on FK GOAT sale.
- Display, Touch, Sound, 180 degree screen, backlight key board....Everything is good/as expected.
- No Cons as of now, (hope always experience remains the same and it doesn't disappoint in the long run too).🤞"
5,You can trust on this Beast. This price range laptop is unstoppable.but one issue in this during charging.you feel heating issue. Because of its charging time is too much less . Due to this more power supply you feel heating issue. Otherwise everything is beast. And also for coder is best. You can set up your next js app within 10 sec .🤟🤟🤟🤟
5,First impression: Nice 👍👍
5,"Pros:
Sleek Design: The Swift Go 14 boasts a slim and lightweight aluminum chassis, making it easy to carry around.

Powerful Performance: Thanks to Intel new chip, this laptop can handle tasks with finesse.

Minimal Bezels: More screen real estate for your eyes; less wasted space.

And main thing I got this in less than 60k which is the best part to have laptop worth 70k+ in this budget.

Cons: heating issue during charging"
5,Excellent Product. Value For Money. Great Battery Backup. Performance Is Good. Thanks Flipkart
5,"A very good product .
Got the exact model which is displayed in the review section.
If you are looking for a laptop around 70k you can must check this out."
5,Laptop is ok for normal day to day work or multitasking
5,Very good 😊👍😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
5,The product is good for light and study purposes only.
5,Nice Product.
5,Value for money performance is good
5,Must buy..Go for it 💯
5,Best laptop under 75k all over is display battery looks. Size all best laptop
5,Excellent product n delivery before time. And value for money product with great battery..
5,"Best Build Quality!
Rocket Performance !
Good to go!"
5,build and looks are awesome.. performance is great and battery back up is 6 to 7 hours.
5,"Legendry laptop with AI processor, great design. Company improve design in 73T model than 72 Model by making a hinge above camera that make it easy to open with one hand."
5,"Good product to buy
Go for it"
5,"Great one, go for it."
5,"I am loving it. Below are the pros

1.Touch and display is amazing
2. Intel evo certified laptop.
3. Solid build quality.
4. Battery backup is good.
5. Fingerprint scanner is fast and accurate


Cons.

1. Not sure about cpu if it works till 4.5ghz. So far I have not seen it.

2. The complete page of trading website not visible you have to adjust the size of tab else need to scroll to right to view it."
5,This is really a beast. Go ahead without any doubts. Best Performance :)
5,Display should be better and
5,"Superb purchase laptop is working like rocket. Excellent battery life with quick charging.

Pros:
Ultra 5 processor
Lpddr5x 16gm ram
Attractive design
Audio control over mouse pad look great
Display awesome

Cons:
Display size should be like 14.6 or 15.6
Filipkart no getting more more greedy they have complete monopoly over online selling. I put my previous laptop on exchange there is small dent they count it as a big crack and product value just go down alot.

Over all happy with product"
5,"Good laptop
If u want trying buy acer swift i5 or i7
Skip it try to buy ultra 5 or ultra 7
Good laptop,best performance, value of of money than i5 and i7
No heating issue"
5,"Best for B tech CSE ( AI ML ) students ✅
And all these things can be done easily on laptop like (web development, app development, coding) all these things

This is much better than intel core i5 or i7 go for it 👍"
5,Good For student
5,Oustanding product I love ❤this product..... Special Thank you primebook.......and flipkart
5,This item very useful amazing 🤩🤩
5,"This is nothing but a tablet with keyboard and some necessary ports. All Android apps can be downloaded but all apps are not optimised according to this device. I have bought this for taking mock tests on testbook app, it's Android app is not optimised. There is an option on chrome so I can manage. This is only a tablet.
Differences are tab has good speakers, display and don't have keyboard and ports while this primebook has great display according to price, keyboard and ports and cheap yet l...
READ MORE"
5,"Value for money. It's the best choice for students. The following are the features.
1)Lite Weight, so that it can be carried everywhere.
2)Battery backup is very huge.
3)Booting Speed is very fast.
4)Display Quality and size is better over tablets.
5)Almost all android apps are supported.
6)Sound Clarity is good and loud.
7)Supports both 5 and 2.4 GHz wifi.
8)Mouse track pad is very decent.
9)Web Camera is good for meeting and video calls.
10)Over all looks good."
5,"A very Awesome Extra Value for Money Laptop Experience.It was really unexpected for this level of great Performance at this price range. The speakers are good although I may be relocated. The OS is light but lightning. The Speed is on par with any SSD .
But the main concern I want want our Indians prime company to address is to Please increase the sturdyness of the building groves at the bottom . And lights the laptop one of it just fell out . This was Unsatisfying for me . But the Hinge ar...
READ MORE"
5,Not charged first day. Battery problem . Fast descharged. Poor
5,"I love primebook
It's a value for money and nice laptop
It gives you a very smooth experience
If your budget is low and you need a nice laptop then you go for it"
5,"Very gud laptop under budget. The Primebook laptop is a great choice for students on a budget. It's a cheap and reliable laptop that can handle basic tasks. With over 100s of millions of android apps, lots of functionality, it's a great value for the price. I highly recommend it."
5,I want to say Thank you To Primebook Maker and to Flipkart For This Awesome Product In Low Price.
5,"Review after 10 days use :
1) Display: Amazing display with anti glare features.
2) Performance : very smooth without any lag. But can't say about gaming performance. I don't think this device is suitable for gaming or heavy tasks.
3) Keyboard : Very smooth
4) Battery : Unbelievable backup. 4/5 hrs easily."
5,"Awesome laptop i buy in sale 60k, performance awesome"
5,Best in this price but the display is hd not fhd.
5,This is the entry level and budget laptop.performance is good.MS office is not included.
5,Very nice 🙂👍
5,it iis satified for me
5,"Simply Loved it.

Pros:
Design: Minimalistic
Battery backup: Excellent
Processing speed: Ultra Fast
Boot Time: 7 to 8 Seconds only.
Wake up time: Just 1 second.
180 degree hinge
Intel EVO certified

What can be improved:

Heating issues while charging both laptop and charger provided.
( Heating issues of laptop can be reduced by using laptop stand - proper ventilation).

Display: needs improvement .

Sound output: needs improvement."
5,Loved it 😍
5,Over all good... rock performance...nic
5,Everything is perfect except battery lasts upto 4 hour on normal use
5,very nice
5,It is an awesome product. Editing is not the smoothest nor the rendering but that's not it's forte so I'm ok with it. Everything else is great thus far. 1 week later.
5,AWESOME
5,Not like imagination..
5,"Best ever Android laptop with better feature I bought it on big billion day sale.
for student it is highly recommend it is hot like windows laptop because it is Android.
insted of using mobile this is the best future learning laptop.
it has type c port specially designed for fast charging.
quality is best according to the price.
But i bought wifi veriant because I use only wifi

But

This is not for rough handed people and Rich people

People who have been using high end laptop please d...
READ MORE"
5,The performance ias stunning. This is the first time i am posting a review in flipkart. I have been using this Laptop for last 6months and i am very much satisfied. Loved it. This is genuinely value for money. Go for it if you need a system that can take care of all sort pf multitasking works. The display is full HDR. Goes smooth on 4k videos with no laggy and backlit features made this laptop a handy if you are sleeping .
5,Most beautiful Laptop HP ryzen
5,All good super product ...I love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
5,Best in this price range. Only battery backup is little bit issue. over all excellent. specially display is awesome.
5,"Everything is great, but the trackpad could be smoother."
5,Leptop is good value for money as of now display glow can see easy heating issue may be its first boot after some time it will Smooth I guess. Other than very good for budget friendly leptop go for it.
5,"Good laptop, Great display, great built quality for the price. Not sure How many days it lasts but for now it its Great."
5,Very slim and light weight laptop. Display quality top notch..it is best deal under 25k.
5,"Best Value product ,best performance ,best screen display ,best specifications (i5, with 512 gb SSD,16 GB RAM , Windows-11, metal body, large track pad) and best in design .
But little bit less battery backup and little bit less speaker volume.

But overall best in class product , value for money .
I recommend to buy ."
5,"Everything works perfectly !!!
Best laptop under this price
I was thinking about Battery as it has the most negative reviews but it is also working well and no complaints as of now 😉"
5,laptop is good in working and fuctioning
5,It is a very good laptop. Display quality is also very good in this price segment. Battery backup is a bit low. Look like a MacBook.
5,Good looking laptop this display is much better that price of at giving laptop.. this price not giving other companies that specification so I feel best laptop in that segment..
5,Budget friendly 🥳
5,Nice good
5,Excellent product. Worth every penny paid for it.
5,Excellent laptop
5,"I purchased this laptop to do light work like study, browsing, editing word docs, and bit of multimedia consumption. The laptop is"
5,"This Laptop is awesome, great battery backup.. works super fast and smoothly. Value for money 😍 great features 🤩🤩"
5,One of the best laptop with latest specification.
5,"Must buy a product,one of the best by Acer"
5,Awesome Features 🔥
5,"Best laptop to buy
All future is there
Good one
Buy it I only garenty fir"
5,The performance is very nice. This is the next generation AI ready laptop and value for money..
5,"Such an awesome product ..
Go for it..."
5,Amazing for collage purpose
5,"I've purchased this laptop few days ago.. Overall excellent performance, also it includes intel core i5 processor and 512GB SSD which makes ur laptop 20x faster than HDD.. Screen is decent, it could have been better, battery backup is also nice .. Over all a good laptop for students those who wants to do coding and media consumption.. If u r finding a laptop.. u can go for it.
Happy to purchase this product✌🏻✌🏻
Thanks..."
5,Well performance
5,"i review after 2 days its too amazing 😍 i fall in love with it
its proformace is too good i5 processor gives very excellent experience to me ❤"
5,Performance is good but battery life is moderate
5,Very good product in good quality
5,"Lightweight and Ideal for Travel
I travel a lot for work and this laptop has been a lifesaver. It's lightweight and compact, making it easy to fit in my bag. The battery life is decent, though I usually need to charge it by mid-afternoon. The speed and performance are great for handling spreadsheets, presentations and video calls. A perfect laptop for professionals."
5,This is best gaming laptop under 60k and performance is 👍 great
5,You can buy.. don't th
5,Must buy in this price performance and battery backup upto 5hrs and less weight to carry its very useful for coding and comes with i5 processor its very faster performance
5,Awesome 😊😎
5,Full fill my dream
5,I liked it.
5,It is very usefull products we can carry by hand and it is light weight to carry
5,After using 3days.... performance of this laptop is great 👌...
5,Best laptop in this price range 👍🏻
5,Very good hp laptop
5,"It has a good functioning system, camera is really good, display is just fine, also flipkart could have sent the HP bag as well, it's difficult to carry laptop in a hand."
5,I am so happy with the product. It is so good for programming students as well. Doesn't take any time to boot. Worth it
5,"Awe.......some
Brilliant...
Just Perfect..
Go for it.

I bought it one week back, since first day working for more than 6 hours, but overall master piece in budget.

Battery is hot while using in hot temperature while adapter is plugged in.

Rest no issues at all.

Chuwi is not chuwwa but Lion (Lony)😝"
5,"I like good design good display
Good sound good performance really I love this item ❤️"
5,"The laptop is very slim
🔋 Battery backup is also very good.I liked the product ."
5,"Product is good and keyboard light is mind blowing.
Product is worth it"
5,"Value for money purchase
AMD RYZEN 5 au2305
Backlight 16gb/512gb"
5,"Very good product. HP laptops are indeed known for their quality and value for money. The delivery was delayed, but thankfully, Flipkart's service made up for it. Thanks flipkart 😊"
5,"Display is not good
Ips display is way better"
5,"Except heating issue, everything is fine👍🏻❤"
5,best to buy.
5,Worth the price.
5,Best 👍
5,Very Good product with best price.
5,It's a Very Good Product.
5,Its good at this price range
5,Worth it... ☺️
5,Overall performance is good
5,It's owsam
5,A good product with a budget range but the ram is not expandable as it has 2x8gb ram and have 2 slots of ram only the SSD is upgradable but in 3.0 SSD only
5,The Product is good. I prefer you this laptop.
5,Good for moderate use
5,Ok
5,Fully satisfied 😃 😄 😃 😄 😃 Value for money go for it
5,"Excellent product
Must buy"
5,"This laptop is perfectly fine for those who is interested only about performance and not about look. Working fine with me. No back-light no finger sensor. Looks like old model. But to me old is gold. Letters printed on the key board are big sized, good for me."
5,"My first laptop as expected.
Take 3 seconds to boot
And less than 8 seconds to restart
SSD is really good
And with i5 10th gen.. awesome"
5,Very nice product. I was written this review 1 month since I purchased. The SSD make this laptop faster and the performance is also good. It gives me up to 4-5 hours battery backup. If you wish to buy it then go for it.
5,Fast. All specification as given in details.
5,One of the best laptop for gaming and educational use
5,"Wonderful design, sleek product. A little heavy as I have used probook earlier. Performance is good. Battery backup is good. Display is not that great but overall a very good laptop for this price. Very happy with it!"
5,"It really is something else, it truly sparks with its style and has a beast performance, I am satisfied with it"
5,Superb such a beautiful things
5,Nice build quality and good one😀
5,It's a very beautiful laptop you can go for it
5,"Very great product, high performance than expected, best laptop buy at this price."
5,"Its very good ,performance is also good ,fast charging,"
5,Good Deal!
5,Nice for every use
5,Super laptop... please go for this.
5,This laptop is good in this price because you get a 512 gb ssd which is much faster than hdd. I use this laptop around 4 months and didn't find any issue. If you have a multipurpose work then I would recommend you to go for this laptop but ya if you are gamer then please don't buy it. The laptop plastic quality is not much good as expected but i think we should go for the performance first which is good.
5,Full on awesome laptop 💻
5,No words to say. It's a Amazing
5,"Performance super
Speed processing
Battery ok
No heat
Design is worst cheap plastic look like a cheap laptop

Otherwise best product form hp"
5,Really amazing products in this budget u find all speed look and structure
5,Great performance at great price. Budget Laptop with good specifications. This laptop is for people who want portable laptop for working. Students who want to study simple or complex programming can use it. Best laptop under 50k. It's not for playing games.
5,THE LAPTOP IS AWSOME WITH THE PRICE TAG TO DATE.IT IS REALLY QUICK.
5,"This review is important for everyone
This laptop is good by performance,degin,display, battery Almost everything
But-----
It's body should be metal but it has plastic body"
5,Slick and sexy.
5,"I got a good laptop but the charger is defective which leads to return, but Laptop is really awesome, Flipkart providing best devices, but it consumes more time to Flipkart to conclude any issue."
5,Vest laptop
5,For me it's okay as I use it for general simple work only.
5,"Sleek, fast and good looking laptop. Overall performance is super. Quick delivery by Flipkart."
5,"It is good to buy ,just go it this"
5,Best laptop and specifications under this price 46k
5,The laptop is an excellent choice in this price range
5,"Very good laptop. Reviewing after a week of usage.
The laptop is overall good.
It is light in weight compared to other similar laptops.
The bottom of the laptop is non metal, the top lid is of aluminium.
The display will feel smooth due to 144hz refresh rate.
For heavy task, when plugged in fan runs noticibly loud and heats when tested gta v when trying to play with 144hz at very high settings otherwise, for normal usage thermals are cool and fan doesn't ramp up.
The charger pin should be f...
READ MORE"
5,The product is awesome but the battery is not working so longer.
5,Except speaker rest is good
5,Very good product ilike flipkart
5,I love it... But if you want better sound from laptop it's not worth... Other than its very nice
5,Very nice 🥰❤️❤️
5,"-Full metalic body. 👁️ Premium and suprime build quality. Go for it guys 💪 super value for money 💰 specs thanks acer for making such beast at this price point.
-beast in terms of performance.
-Sound is moderate however doesn't matter for as I never use inbuilt audio.
-Display is smooth.


GUYS 💪 GO FOR SUPERB 💯 PACKAGE, IM SURE IT WILL NOT DISAPPOINT YOU 💰



FLIPKART PLEASE IMPROVER DELEVERY EXPERIENCE TRY TO PROVIDE FAST DELIVERY 🚚"
5,"Nice product at this price range..
Definitely go for it if you want a budget friendly laptop with good performance. I work with 3D modelling and some coding, I am satisfied so far.

Only cons:
1. Display gets heated due to the exhaust vents.
2. Battery is not so good.
3. Not very good for gaming, but can do mid range gaming."
5,"produtc is good
charger is non acer brand
Display is ok
speaker not enough loud
Build quality is very good
Sleek Laptop"
5,It is very much good laptop but it's service is average
5,Its been a week now I'm using this laptop. Its light weight is plus point. When it comes to performance it has 10/10. Great product
5,Liked it
5,Excellent laptop in terms of performance and everything mentioned is what you get in terms of the specs. The only cons is that it's of plastic build and the body gets easily smudged with touches.
5,very nice laptop
5,Everything is Good about this Laptop but if you are display lover I'll not recomond anyone. Best budget laptop I purchased in big billion Sale.. Go For it
5,Best laptop in this price good performance
5,Light laptop with sleek design. Everything's good about this laptop at this price range. It is well suited for programmers and for light gaming.
5,Keyboard light is most beautiful
5,I used last one month. Performance is satisfactory
5,"I recently purchased the HP Laptop 15s-eq2182AU, and I am delighted with its overall performance and value. This laptop offers a compelling combination of features and affordability, making it a great choice for both productivity and entertainment purposes. First and foremost, the laptop's performance is commendable. Powered by an AMD Ryzen 5 processor and 16GB of RAM, it delivers smooth and responsive performance for everyday tasks. Whether I'm browsing the web, working on documents, or mult...
READ MORE"
5,"After using this laptop for nearly three months, I found the laptop to be robust. Battery backup with normal browsing runs upto five to six hours. Display is good for me, as I wear spectacles, I dont require more shining display. Perormance wise laptop is very good as it has 16 GB RAM. I purchased it in 43k in sale days, so in this range I would say this laptop is superb for me with its high end specifications. 5 star for this laptop."
5,"Excellent laptop from HP.. Suitable for students and programmers.. No lag superb fast..
Pros:
Superb performance ryzen 5 16gb ram better than i5 for multitasking..
Battery backup is around 6hours in battery saver mode..
Cons:
Display is ok.. At 50k..if u need better display ready to spend around 70k..
Since it is thin laptop handle with care.."
5,Nice products.
5,I like this product
5,Good seller Good quality iam satisfied
5,Gd
5,Its good for ryzen3 8gb at this budget rate
5,Laptop is very good & value for money..
5,Laptop is very good according it's price
5,"Best Laptop Quality and Performance Are Very Good
I am Playing GTA5 On This Laptop With High Settings { 30 to 40 } FPS"
5,This price range is no 1 all in one
5,Replacement product is good
5,Like it as a brand performance awesome
5,The product is perfect it's just that I didn't know that this product doesn't have windows. I didn't know that but it's okay I'll get used to it. Thank you
5,Overall awesome 😎
5,Nyc product thanks Flipkart
5,Fast speed 10 hours betry Beck up
5,So beautifully 💕💕💕
5,good product in flipkart😍😊
5,Perfect item value for money
5,Like it
5,Nice but display problem
5,Good 💯
5,Perfect product
5,"This laptop is value for money
If u want buy this for school and offices work it's so good"
5,IT'S A GOOD PRODUCT FOR ALL
5,"Good for the price. Being priced less than 30k, we cannot expect a great laptop at this price range but this is good enough for ordinary use."
5,"Battery average time 6 hrs
Picture quality better than i3 model
Performance is good
Within 4 second laptop on
Sounds good
Overall value for money laptop in this budget segment
Data Transfer speed good
Overall 😊😊😊👍"
5,Good packaging and very fast delivery from flipkart and the product is awsome 🥰🥰🥰🥰
5,"Excellent laptop at a great price.
The 6nm amd ryzen 3 7320U chip is super efficient and runs very cool even at high loads."
5,Awasome performance this is my 10th day no issue I did face performance is best only need to improve adopter value for money I am giving 5 star for this product
5,Good laptop ❤️🤩(NJ Reaction)
5,Great for gaming
5,Very good laptop and performance is very g
5,Good product value for money and also gd perfomance
5,This product is value for money . A multitasking laptop with high battery health and performance. I bought it during big billion day sale . The product is amazing. Student worthy. I can say one thing you should go blindly with this product. Battery performance is too good and battery backup is 6-7hr . No heat produce since i used to this . Camera is also oke .. Restart maximum time 5-8 sec.. .. thank you Acer . Thank you Flipkart.
5,Value for money 😪
5,"I purchased that laptop 3 months ago with price of 27k and I loved it because it has latest gen processor and speed is osom so overall I can manage all my official work in it easily

I use latest Photoshop and latest AutoCAD also in it and I use them seamlessly"
5,Same as given in picture all features are perfect with affordable price 👍🏻
5,Running smoothly for the last two months since I bought it.
5,A nice and good product in this price
5,This laptop is good in its price but it does not have a good display and does all the other work.
5,Value for money this leptop is the best this price point
5,I love it. Battery backup is awesome
5,Best branded laptop under 30k
5,That's a real value for money product.
5,Mind blowing value of money 🤩🤩🤩🤩
5,"Don't purchase this brand laptop, im bought chuwi corebook x i5 10gen from flipkart it was delivered on 21/07/2024. it not turning on just blinking blue light"
5,"This laptop only belongs to those who are willing to compromise on sound, battery, build quality and oled screen or 2 k screen...this laptop provides you high end processor which can complete any task you want ..and that is the main reason to buy this laptop as you can do editing coding light gaming all meetings through teams outlook presentation etc without any lag...don't waste your money on screen sound or gaming chipset as you can live without them but performance you can not ...if you ne...
READ MORE"
5,Working fine so far
5,Laptop is good in this price but flipkart delivery is so late improve your delivery if possible if not possible pls give us faster delivery option .
5,Definitely value for money product.
5,"Over-all Superb performance 😍
This is the best laptop in such a low price....."
5,"Super Performance
Good battery
Best Design
Good Display"
5,"Loved it!
Budget friendly and smooth as butter fr"
5,"This laptop offers nice performance for daily computing all types coding and gaming tasks, backed by a vivid display that's suitable for watching content or working on detailed projects. The speakers are decent for casual listening, though they may not provide the depth or loudness that audiophiles expect. The battery backup is average, typically lasting around 3-4 hours, which is enough for light work but may require frequent charging during extended use. Its design has a clean, sleek look, ...
READ MORE"
5,"Amazing performance with rtx 3050 graphic card
i played red dead redemption on medium settings it was soo smooth around 55-60fps
In Gta V i got 100+ fps on very high settings
Only problem is its speakers, they are really low
even like mobile phone speakers
rest eveything is good!❤️"
5,"I've been on the lookout for this laptop for 6months. And finally when the price hit 51k I bought it. The combination of specs is nowhere to be found at this price range, the build quality and performance is astounding. Over-all this is a laptop I would buy a second time if I needed one."
5,"Best product, best seller..!!
Great laptop. Got it under 60K. Performs well while gaming. For day to day tasks also works great.
Battery backup should've been better, however considering it's a gaming laptop, it is fine. It's a great overall package, which packs in core I5 processor with Nvidia RTX 3050."
5,Good product build design is good but it shows have a better cooling system
5,good one. Value for money. I bought it for 50k. The only negative is its battery backup.
5,"Decent performance
Average Battery backup
Average display (not very bright)
Good build and design
For 50k its excellent value for money"
5,Good.
5,All good in this price cuz in this price you can't get this types of profamnce so no problem just buy it
5,Good quality I am use this leptop Acer aspire 3 ryzen
5,Best Laptop as per budget
5,Nice laptop in this price
5,It's good laptop budget laptop it's good
5,Good overall
5,Best laptop in this price
5,"I think best laptop for this segment,
Display , battery, multitasking and audio sound so good.."
5,"suoerb. Acer aspire 3 amd Ryzen 3 better back up super quietity best ,look super"
5,VFM product. I'm not a gamer or a programmer. I browse and see videos and learn online and few office works. It suits the purpose. Satisfied
5,"A laptop with great performance, simple design and good value for money. Battery drains fast , but it's understandable since it's a gaming laptop.

Overall a good value for money item with great upto date features"
5,"Easy to connect with Android Phones, Battery Life is amazing, as easy as a smartphone, Little bit of heat issue, display is average but compared with rate its ok, Vivobook Pentium is better option for who can afford it."
5,Best hai
5,Worth of money product. Must buy
5,Good product 🤗💻
5,Good product for students 👍
5,Nice super rm redusie
5,Good Prodact But Display
5,Good product very nice 👍 hai memory is low
5,Supper
5,Nice product for student
5,Amazing Product
5,"I really like this product. Asus's choromebook is the best we can buy in a budget segment in my opinion. I call it the poor man's laptop. Battery backup is good, sound is clear, opareting system is very good, all in all a great choromebook."
5,🥂best product in this price Range 🗿
5,Value for money product. Go for it without any doubt.
5,"Great value for Money, only RTX4060 140W at this price range.
Would've liked more storage but it's always upgradable.


Review Update :
Turns out Acer Nitro with Rtx3070ti Is cheaper than this model , NVIDIA has tricked us by giving inferior hardware compared to last generation(Rtx30 series) and just adding software upgrades to make games run smoother(DLSS )

Rtx4060 is barely better than an Rtx 3060

Rtx 3070ti is better than Rtx4060


Overall it is still a great value for money but there i...
READ MORE"
5,The product is good but as it is expensive a bit they should send a laptop case along with it. Or a wireless mouse
5,Beast one🔥🔥 if you are thinking to buy this... Just go for it. Only thing i want that too add more ssd storage
5,"Very good laptop in terms of specifications.
Nothing to complaint about"
5,Great value after exchange offer and discount but some corners are cut like ram is only DDR4 3200mhz and processor 12th gen and surprising 13th gen version has rtx 4050 that makes this version with 4060 better.
5,"Best Purchase for mid-premium range laptop.

ASUS Tuf Gaming F15 2023 is the best value for the money laptop. Worth"
5,Best Laptop you can buy at this price point
5,"Excellent for video editing, gaming and general computing. Performance is beyond reviews and exectations."
5,This laptop is very good and the value for money but one problem this laptop does not come from ddr5 ram this the disadvantage of this laptop 💻
5,Overall laptop is good in this price range
5,Good area
5,"Amazing beast of a laptop. Just the weird things that the screen does ticks me a little bit. People won't even notice it, so it will be fine. It happens when the screen has a non reflective coating, it appears a little grainy."
5,I really like it
5,working good
5,Good to use for Gaming
5,I loved it best laptop got at best price
5,Product is really good
5,Exlent
5,"Laptop quality is super and screen is awesome,and honest battery backup is 3 hour"
5,Highly recommend for High level performing
5,Niceee product
5,We are happy. Thank you Flipkart for this offer
5,"I am an IT engineer, I have nothing special to say about a laptop that runs AutoCAD 2023 without lag. Thanks Flipkart also thanks HP."
5,good product under 30k
5,"I'm writing this review after using 10 days of my laptop.
Working fine
144hz display
I bought this in exchange offer
With 44000 rs only
Rtx 3050 amazing graphiccard"
5,"I've had this laptop for two months now, and it's been working great. I haven't had any problems with it yet."
5,"It's good for gaming, multitasking,and coding.
It's speaker is not preety good expect specker
Everything is good."
5,"Value for money is this product, you can buy it perfectly but battery backup is not good,,,,,display quality is good and speaker is average battery backup is 3 to 4 hours only This was my experience. What do you think about it?"
5,"It's a gaming laptop with a professional look. At this price RTX 3050 is good but it's power is less, only 60 TGP."
5,Very Good...
5,Nice laptop for multi purpose
5,"Superb product...
Best specs at this price...
Budget buyers can go for it...
Smoothly running pubg, free fire, cod, valorant, gta v...
Buy the Rtx 3050 version that's awesome..
This comment is applicable for only this variant:
I5 12450H
16 gb ram ddr4
512 gb ssd
4 gb graphics NVIDIA GEFORCE RTX 3050
144 Hz display
Supports 2160p 60fps videos..
Thank you Flipkart..."
5,Worth buy from acer
5,"Purchased this laptop in sale, and it cost me around 50000. In the given range this is the best laptop you could hope for. Powerful processor
3050 graphic card
6 hour batery back up. (In Battery saver mode)
Fast fingerprint sensor
Gen 4 ssd
Dual fans for cooling very useful in heavy tasks"
5,"Very Good Product value For Money
Comfort typing Keyboard Body Metal keyboard base Is Metal only Lower Base Is Fibre Must buy Best Quality at This Price"
5,"Greetings everyone,

As mentioned in its descriptions, it works in reality also. On a low budget, a good chromebook for web users."
5,Super product! I loved it 😍😍.Just look like a wow.Best product in this price range.
5,This is the best product for students. Every student should have this.
5,That price to be good one
5,Very nice product 💥 thank you so much Flipkart 💓
5,Awesome product for beginners but it is not windows laptop so don't buy if you are a professional.
5,Nice 👍🙂🙂🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
5,Value for money product. Display looks good also perfomance is high
5,You can buy in offers i got under 35k in sale it is good laptop but backlight is low
5,This laptop is very good and value for money. display quality is osam
5,"THIS IS MY FIRST LAPTOP OF ASUS
Performance - 9.5/10
Design - 8.5/10
Battery - 10/10 _ Battery Life 100%
Display - 9/10
Wifi -10/10
Keyboard - 10/10
Build Quality - 8.5/10
Value of money product
THANK YOU FLIPKART
(ALWAYS MORE THAN EXPECTATIONS)"
5,Super.....
5,Excellent product from Lenovo.
5,"Everything is good, except the speaker quality, it's below average"
5,"Product is fabulous
Best display
Good battery backup 6 - 7 hours
Fab processor and gpu
5 out of 5 on value"
5,Love ❤️ it
5,"Great Product. Though their is no EVO certification but still good product. Requirment of all EVO certification is satisfying without having one.

The speaker might be a bit loud."
5,"Absolutely great laptop for engineers light weight, awesome screen, long battery life."
5,Best item best quility by Gautam Navratan naval
5,"Good product,good quality, and very nice looking to know about, average price best product"
5,"Good product, Value for Money, It comes with 1TB HDD and 256 GB SSD. I am running both linux and windows, its pretty fast, The performance is very good"
5,Very Good performance laptop
5,"Good laptop.
1 TB HDD + 256 gb SSD
i3, 8 GB Ram
Now hybrid model is not coming...this one is good."
5,Awesome performance laptop
5,"I purchase this laptop for my sister and she is very happy. Product is lightweight,easy to carry very affordable price specially for school and college going student. Good to go👍"
5,Without any tensions Just go for it better than infinix working performance is to good no laging.
5,I recommend who wants these laptop is use for only college students and if we talk about the laptop then a big problem while in restart update.Others is all perfect according to the price is.
5,"Best laptop in this price range. I have purchased this for my study and it is working awesome.
Thankyou AXL"
5,Excellent.. 🤝🤝.. Thank you flipcart...
5,"For students (not for engineering students) it is a good product especially for online education classes, meeting"
5,Very very good laptop
5,"I bought this laptop mainly due to core ultra 5 125H processor and apparently these new processors are supposed to have better battery life and looks like it fulfills that to an extent.
Battery: Lasts 7-8 hours in battery efficiency mode and a bit less in balanced mode. Also depends on screen brightness as it's OLED screen.
Display: 16:10 OLED screen is really good but glare is there. It can get bright enough. Picture quality is great but have to be wary if OLED burn-in issue arises in futu...
READ MORE"
5,"Superb laptop;. Awesome display .. Good battery backup.. Overall performance is excellent .. Only con is speaker and audio quality is poor, not as expected.."
5,"Great ....
Very good and easy to use😀😀😀😆😀😆😆"
5,Best chromebook in this price range
5,Nice laptop Under Trading 😀❤️❤️
5,"If you're looking for study purpose,, without any hesitation you must go for it . 👍"
5,Nice 👍😊thanks Flipkart
5,"Best laptop for office and lite gaming
Overall performance laptop"
5,"Battery performance avarage
Design and looks is good 👍"
5,Product is very good 👍
5,Best laptop 💻 😁😁😁
5,Must buy laptop at this price good performance
5,Super fast....
5,Good Performance
5,It's a perfect choice
5,"Very powerful laptop
Allrounder performance"
5,"Really good laptop at this price, using it from past 1 week and all the cpu and gpu are working to its max limits which is really good...

Pros- 16gb ram with rtx 3050(60W) is superb for gaming and entry level editing
Cons- Speakers are bad, not too bad as i read in the reviews,
Battery backup is decent, 4-5hrs on casual use and 2-3 hours on gaming...

A good laptop which is useful for both gaming as well as work purposes, at this decent price is smtg u need to look for"
5,"The product is worth for price and the audio is low because of the driver,we can fix it by installing third party audio drivers."
5,Just good... But battery drains pretty fast.. due to graphic card...
5,"I'm a bit disappointed with the battery backup, although it performs well in other aspects..."
5,"Laptop manufacturing date is not old, it is made just 3 months before our purchase date which is good since many a times, products which are manufactured earlier are cleared during discount period. Laptop configuration is decent. Good for students and professionals however it is not meant for heavy gaming applications. Overall good product at this price and if bought at discount then even better."
5,"At this price point and performance, this laptop is awesome for gaming. I easily get 100+ fps on GTA 5 and 70+ fps on Assassin's Creed Valhalla. I'm a bit disappointed that the new Ryzen CPU doesn't have integrated graphics, so it uses the dGPU all the time. Because of this, the laptop only gets around 3.5 hours of battery life.

In terms of display, speaker, and RAM, there's nothing to complain about. The only thing you might need to do is upgrade the SSD to 1TB because only 400GB is usable ...
READ MORE"
5,"It has been a week since I purchased this,currently it is working very very well.As of now it's performance battery backup ,design all are good."
5,"100% sRGB display( almost comparable to amoled displays colorwise) ,8 gb RTX 4060, 24 gb ram, octacore ryzen 7, all AAA games till date smoothly handled, really fast for video editing. All Temps under 80 deg, good cooling system."
5,This is my first laptop I am very happy its features are awesome value for money
5,"The product very good it is light weight very good screen and also the camera is very good.

The starting time is also good. I am happy to buy.😀😀"
5,"This is very good laptop, buy it If you're want under 15k"
5,Amazing product at this price range affordable for any middle class family I like its feature.. bought for my daughter. Thank you axl
5,Best product under budget value for money it is not for multi tasking but good for students I am happy thankyou AXL.
5,Best product in this price range value for money
5,Very useful laptop and specifications of new generation
5,"I recently purchased a this laptop and I must say it exceeded my expectations. The performance is outstanding, handling multiple tasks seamlessly. The sleek design adds a touch of sophistication, making it a stylish companion for work or entertainment. this is a very good laptop in this price range, Go ahead to buy this laptop."
5,Nice 👍👍👍👍
5,I am writing this review after using it one week. It just awesome if you want to play game sometimes along with official work. You gone love it. It only heats while using for heavy gaming otherwise no heating at all in day to day work.
5,"These laptop was amazing I was purchase these laptop heavy discount, these laptop is all rounder under 40k heavy gaming, editing, display battery such Masterpiece 🤩"
5,"Its supr
Display also decent
Sound good and clear"
5,"Awesome!!!,This is the best laptop for these price...... Looking awesome design...❣️"
5,"I bought this laptop recently. Using the laptop for more than 15 days now might be too early but this was my experience.
1. Performance : Clearly provides best performance according to the price.
2. Design : Liked the design just simple. Even provides numpad for 15.6 inch form factor good.
3. Battery : Mostly average experience but still it provides good battery backup. Don't play games on the battery, always plug in the charger for better performance.
4. Display : Above average display. Get...
READ MORE"
5,It is the best product in this price range . And can be upgrade too. Just go for it. I rewrite the review if any issues occur. I bought it on 4/11/2024 now 17/11/2024. No issues till now.
5,Best laptop in under 50k battery is like okay okay but except that everything is awsome
5,"This laptop has very good performance. This laptop has 15 multiple backlit keyboard . I love this laptop. I purchased this laptop for C programming, java, Payton, c++ and many more coding programs."
5,Overall Good laptop but battery backup is low
5,"Good laptop 🖤🖤. Value for money , gaming experience is nice 💯, overall good laptop, I am very happy 😁,"
5,Good leftop
5,Wonderful product. L8ve it after using.
5,"Superb product 😍

High speed performance 🔥"
5,Fantastic initial impressions. Will see how it performs over the long term.
5,"The laptop is good. Got it for 63k during offer. For that price it's a good value laptop. Wish it had an iGpu. The battery is not that good even with 60 hz it sometimes lasts 2 - 2.5 hrs. But as it is a gaming laptop so no issue with the battery much.
Performance is top notch, no complaints there and 24gb ram is cherry on top.
Gaming performance is very good. 4050 is totally worth it over 3050.
So far only played God of War (2018) in medium to high settings with 80 fps capped. It varies from ...
READ MORE"
5,"At this Budget, The Best laptop for sure, provides rtx 4060 with ryzen 7
Pros:-Design, Build Quality is Very Good And Hands Free to use,
Best for Productivity, Gaming, Video Editing Handles 4K editing
Cons:- it doesn't have Igpu so it gives less battery backup which comes at like 3 hrs and yeah at this price they should give Rgb Keyboard It's disappointment but overall best laptop u can go for it, Will update after some days of usage"
5,One of the best lappy in this price segment. Only one thing is missing that is backlit keyboard 🥲
5,"Nice product ❤️✅
Impressive 😍"
5,Best best best
5,"Overall product at this price is the best I think in terms of performance.

One thing that is very misleading is not giving much information about the processor , Ryzen 7 7435hs processor has no integrated GPU this means that 4050 is always turned on which contributes to better performance but awful battery life.

The battery life is not good , in my usage when I was watching just a live stream on silent mode and power saving with 60hz i got 2 hours of battery which is not that good as we sho...
READ MORE"
5,"It's a great product in terms of performance.
It's actually value for money product.
It's battery life is not that great but I got 3hrs+ on balanced mode.
Therefore you can buy this product"
5,"Very Good laptop with 24GB of Ram. No other Brands are offering this.
Good design.
Recommended for those who is looking for Budget laptop with Performance..
Go for it.."
5,Good but battery is not g
5,"Great performance.
Quick response.
The only con it has is its battery which is only 60W which can give up to 3 hrs of battery back up on video play with mid brightness.
Wish it had a 90 W battery.
Otherwise it is a great device and I am loving it."
5,TOP CLASS
5,"Its beauty and the beast both , heat management is very very good .go for it guys"
5,great prod
5,Nice product go for it
5,"**Gaming Laptop Review**

**Pros:**
- **Performance:** Runs all games on ultra settings with high FPS.
- **Thermals:** Stays cool and quiet during long sessions.
- **Display:** Vibrant, sharp, and smooth with a high refresh rate.
- **Build Quality:** Durable and premium with a comfortable keyboard.
- **Value:** Great features at a good price.
- **Backlit Keyboard:** Easy to use in low light.
- **Connectivity:** Plenty of ports, including USB-C and HDMI.
- **Upgradability:** Easy to upgrade RA...
READ MORE"
5,"The Lenovo LOQ 15ARP9 seems to be a solid choice for us gamers on a budget. The thermals are good enough, when I was playing God of war on high setting the fans threw air like a jet.TGP is 105W which is great. The only catch is there's no iGPU (i.e rtx 4050 will always be used for display) which shortens battery life (3-4hrs). Overall the laptop is great. Highly recommended."
5,"Got this in the BBD sale and it excels in all the criteria's what i was expecting, AMD Ryzen 7 does all the work buttery smooth and the RTX 4050 provides the cherry on the cake no complaints with that, Screen is awesome and still i havent found any much bugs with the system and i won't comment on the battery backup as it's an HS processor so you cant expect it to provide hours of backup so yeah im getting around 4hrs of battery backup and besides that the power break charges it fastly, Coming...
READ MORE"
5,Good Product. Got at a great value for money in GOAT Sale.
5,Good laptop with good graphics and battery
5,"Excellent gpu performance, game playable at ultra graphics, fine structure and give gaming console feeling. The main problem is battery life."
5,"Good laptop overall
Battery life could be better
Performance wise no issues
Camera quality is just ok
Build quality is decent
Keyboard has white backlight
Sound could be a little louder
Flipkart packing wasn't good enough it seems like they have thrown the package while handling it through courier.
I have got it via Flipkart sale for 73k
One more con is it doesn't have integrated Gpu
The power adapter heats a lot more than usual.
I have bought it for video editing and little bit gaming...
READ MORE"
5,Great product and it is a value for money product . I have a suggestion don't buy the blue colour one u oly get 60hz display buy the mica silver laptop u will get 144hz for the same priceand and I telling u 144hz is very smooth literally like butter
5,"very very nice product
but MADE IN CHINA
it can beat i7 laptop
so please buy"
5,"Nice product , Jai shree ram 🙏🙏"
5,"Laptop is super in this budget, smooth and fast, no heating issues, best Intel i3 till now"
5,Good product hp
5,"Performance is good
Build quality is ok ok
Improve the build quality
Battery backup is 4 hr after full charge
Light weight 💪 💪
Overall fabulous 🤩🤩"
5,I recently purchased the Lenovo LOQ gaming laptop and I'm incredibly impressed with its performance for the price. It's a fantastic option for gamers looking for a solid machine.
5,The performance of this laptop is top
5,asom product
5,"Everything is good but the chief complaints are :

Plastic Body : Acer makes metal laptops for quite cheap price
Bad Speakers : Too low volume, Asus Rog has best speakers I have heard so far in a laptop
Bad Battery : My old Acer which is almost 6 years old has better battery backup than this.
Rest all is good. The best part is the screen. Looks almost like amoled.
Performance is very good.

Advise: Look for Rog Strix g15 as a second option"
5,"Best gaming laptop ever. It's a beast and you can go for it if you have budget.

Gameplay is very smooth in all the games which ever I tried and there is no lag at all."
5,Charger not worky
5,If you get this under 75k there is no competitors for this lap.Absolutely worth
5,Good product after use 7 day
5,"Battery lasted longer than my first relationship (2 days). Listening to arijit singh songs on full volume since then still isn't getting over. Has more warmth than her. unlike her there's two way communication here as touchpad is very responsive. fingerprint lock is nice as it only opens up to me. 5 stars for this

-1 for Priya"
5,"Best laptop under 35k
Lenovo IdeaPad slim 3 :-

Intel Core i5 (12th Gen)
8GB RAM
512GB SSD
This model offers good performance for multitasking and everyday tasks, with decent battery life and a comfortable keyboard. It's a solid choice for students and professionals needing a reliable laptop."
5,"Amazing 😍🤩
Just ram should be 16gb"
5,"Alhamdulillah....
Best pc.... quality is very good."
5,Value for money ❤️
5,"Value of money, Good item, Thank you Flipkart"
5,Good 👍.......
5,Using from 2 months great experience. No hang issue or other major issues.
5,This is a very good product in this price range I test Minecraft -450fps gta 5 -129 fps valorant - 185 fps very very good product go for it without thinking
5,"Top notch performance
All is good except battery"
5,"Awesome design and specifications at 63k.
Totally recommended machine."
5,A very nice product
5,"It's awesome exempt battery life that was ok
all wifi speed super"
5,"Very promising for the price.
A good purchase."
5,value for money is the best leptop under 35k I'm happy for this
5,Very nice iam happy with Dell laptop
5,Good product and low price
5,"Not a top range, but absolutely a fine one for student. Worth for money"
5,Perfect
5,The best and cheapest Indian brand from all aspects. My son does coding work smoothly and speedily with this 12th gen i5 intel product.
5,Nice at best cost
5,Best laptop far bught
5,Good product 🧿🙏🤗
5,Best laptop But Only one thing is battery drain so fast aznd charging also bit slow and sometimes getting High heating
5,Nice 🥰
5,All good
5,Excellent 👍👌 nice laptop 💻 it's working so fast and smooth. For that much amount I'm satisfied
5,"Best laptop for this segment 💥
Disign and display quality Amazing👍
Value for money 💥"
5,"This Laptop is so good and it's performance is almost Good
Price range is affordable"
5,Good perf
5,Very fast and best gaming laptop forever don't think buy it with best performance and good battery 🔋🔋 life.
5,"Product is good but Flipkart NO COST EMI SCHEME LIKE TO MISS GUIDE FOR CUSTOMER....I HAVE REALISED IT
SO DONT BUY WITH EMI AS WELL AS CARD PAYMENT"
5,What a osm laptop I must recommend this one
5,"Laptop is best value for money product/ i buy this product on Flipkart summer sell at 45k
❗ performance top level
❗No ms office
❗ Quality good
❗ Display average good for daily needs
❗ I am purchasing for programming, graphic design i updated my review after 1 month use"
5,"Bought this for 45990k without any card offer,

For display it's 1080p FHD display with peak brightness of 250nits, kindly note that it's has only 60Hz display so if you need higher refresh rate go for 144Hz model, color are ok, it has 45%NTSC/65% sRGB color accuracy.

For Performance wise the Ryzen 5 5600H is beast for this price range it has base clock frequency of 3.3 GHz,

For gaming wise, i never actually used it for gaming the Radeon 6500m is best for this price range, However this GPU...
READ MORE"
5,Very nice laptop... Best laptop in lowest price on Flipkart... thanks to Flipkart
5,I have been using my laptop for 2 days. The laptop is very good and its performance is very good so far.
5,"It's a good choice for less budget and more profitable laptop
But the delivery issue has happened to me it took 11 days to reach"
5,great product
5,Nice product and value for money go for it
5,Product is good but screen flicker on netflix hdr content
5,"Best Budget Gaming Laptop.

. Stylish Laptop
. Worthy product.
. Good for Gaming.
. Nice display, audio."
5,"Awesome gaming laptop
Good for premier pro"
5,Look is wow 👌
5,"It's Great..... GOT IN SALE JUST 42K ...

JUST GO FOR IT ..

EVERYTHING IS BEST
BATTERY PERFORMANCE IS VERY GOOD
GOT ALMOST 4 HOURS .
COMPARISON WITH MY ASUS TUF I5 11260H ..
BATTERY IS BEST AND PERFORMANCE OF RYZEN IS GREATER THAN INTEL I5 11260H ...

ABOUT GRAPHICS.. RADEON IS BETTER THAN INTEL..

ONLY ONE CON... HEATING.. BUY A COOLING PAD EXTRA"
5,Very good laptop in performance and look☺☺
5,"Product is awesome 👍
Value for money 💰😀"
5,"Product is good value for money
And the best part is AMD Radeon graphics card which is amazing and big yes to those who are confused in buying this ."
5,"One of the best laptop in this price segment,
I got this deal 46k
Nice performance but battery consumption is high, you can run in eco mode to get better battery life as it shutdown gpu usage, if possible connect your charger, display is crisp and fantastic. Truly worth it"
5,Beautiful design and all specifications are good in this price range.
5,Satisfied..
5,"I m impressed with the looks,build quality and performance.over all must buy product"
5,"I review 25 days later , that is very good laptop and performance was excellent"
5,"Very good laptop performance wise , go for it"
5,Best within the budget of around 40 k...
5,It's awesome 👌 I am very satisfied with this product
5,"Good Packaging for laptop, Sound, Display"
5,"Everything is Ok ✓
Value For Money ✓
Go For it ✓"
5,It good product tq fk
5,Very nice 👍👍
5,"Product is awesome, and very smooth it's very good laptop in this price"
5,Very good Hp laptop and very fast but battery runs only for 3 hours
5,OVER ALL NICE BEST FOR GAMING AND STUDY
5,"VERY GOOD PRODUCT
EXICELLENT WORKING
VALUE FOR MONEY
IT IS MY GOOD CHOICE"
5,"Display is vere level ips display
Over all fully satisfied"
5,This product are amazing and it's design are unique...
5,It is very good laptop and nice performance and best for students who wants to study and gameing and go for it!
5,This product is very good for all multitasking work
5,"Value for money
Go for it"
5,Really worth hai
5,Battery is the only flaw for this laptop.
5,Beast in this range but you have to plugin while gaming for best experience
5,keyboard qulatiy is best and laptop processer is very unbelievable
5,"Awesome Product under budget ,Thank you Zebronics for bringing such wonderful product good configurations in low price."
5,SUPER QUALITY AND SUPER SPEED VALUE FOR MONEY 🤑💰💰💰💰
5,"Good performance, great design and decent display"
5,Very good features for the money... 😄
5,"Go for It, best laptop"
5,Really good performance..Thank you Flipkart...I love this product 😊.
5,"It was great experience buying this laptop
Works very smoothly
Specially it hai 16 gb DDR5 ram which is aswm
And RTX 3050 runs almost every game at nice resolution"
5,"Killer for gaming and performance
Beast when it comes for editing
Gta 5 giving 100+ fps constantly"
5,"Overall good value for money.
The processor in this price is great, but you may get a better graphics card like NVIDIA.
But AMD works well in this Laptop.
The brightness and screen quality is excellent, the speakers are loud. The tactile keyboard makes the experience even better.
The only thing lacking is the battery backup, but gaming laptops are not quite known for battery but rather performance."
5,Sooo good at the price range the performance is very good the design is also looking good the battery is long lasting the display is also full HD it's fully value for money I should highly recommended it for buying its fully value for money
5,"Its an ultimate Laptop for all specs in this price range
The Only Con is its a 60Hz refresh rate and thats not noticeable"
5,"Best laptop is this price
Wonderful laptop"
5,"It is very nice product and helpful for gaming
Give a best performance."
5,Values of motion buy it without thinking totally satisfied ☺️
5,Buy this beast 💯
5,"It is very smooth and too good at this price range.
All games work like cutting butter with a hot knife very smooth,applications work perfectly games like valorant,minecraft,fortnite, and gtav work too perfectly. And if you want to buy this go for it delivery was also great, great experience with the delivery agent too and overall its the best in the west."
5,"I laptop got delivered yesterday. There is no doubt this this the best laptop in this price range. Ryzen 5 has integrated GPU in it , it comes very handy on different purposes.
Update after 1 month of use,
Its a budget laptop that will do most of the tasks. Can't use for heavy work. For gaming its a good choice. But the problem is it's CPU, its gets 90c easily if you put a task that is little heavy. When played pubg it gets 90c, if we use higher graphics and for physx pubg uses CPU , so the...
READ MORE"
5,Nice Laptop from ASUS. Performance is mind blowing. Will be a great choice 👍🏻
5,Nice work
5,"Great machine with great specs, build quality is superior then any other brands in this price range."
5,"Amazing product , value for money , best laptop under 1 lakh , cooling is also amazing , 100% recommended."
5,"I recently got my hands on the MSI Sword 16 HX B13VFKG-653IN
Heres my take on it:

Performance
The performance is top-notch. With the Intel Core i7 13700HX and NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4060, it handles everything I throw at it super smooth.

Design and Build Quality
Although the body is made of polycarbonate, the quality feels solid, and I like the sleek, minimalistic design. It doesnt have that gimmicky feel that some gaming laptops do.

VFM
Considering the specs, the performance, and the features...
READ MORE"
5,"I just recently purchased this laptop and it's amazing. The MSI 16 HX is a fantastic choice for those needing top-tier performance, but potential buyers should consider its portability and battery life.
Performance: Excellent for gaming and multitasking with powerful processors and dedicated GPU.
Design: Sleek and sturdy, but a bit heavy for portability.
Display: Vibrant colors and sharp visuals enhance the experience.
Battery Life: Average; not ideal for long gaming sessions without a charge...
READ MORE"
5,Best experience
5,Great product haven't played any games on it but it already looks like a beast.I have a doubt about the sRGB but it looks good and brightness is also very high.After initial setup storage is about 865 gb.will update the review after some gameplay
5,The Main Cons Of This Msi Laptop Is The Only One Battery Which Becomes Drain In Less Than A Hour(In Heavy Games) . Otherwise This Laptop Is A Beast 🗿
5,"I have been using this product for 5 days now.

At first, I ran some benchmark on this laptop and was able to find the TDP was only going till 80W. Then after some research I got to know that we have to add the benchmark application and games which requires high GPU usage to the gaming mode available in MSI centre. Now the benchmark and games are having 115W TDP.

Other than this everything is great. While playing Assassins creed mirage in ultra setting and fan at full speed the heat is not ...
READ MORE"
5,"Very Good laptop! super fit n finish , specs are correct and charger is quite handy and looks very sleek just love it"
5,I is good
5,Best product on Flipkart ✨
5,sch a beast laptop
5,value for money !!!
5,Best laptop for this price range.
5,"There is no issue so far. Battery, speed, durability all fine after usage for over 4 months.
I bought at 36700 after all offers.
I am happy with the purchase."
5,"Camera- 3/5 average camera, has a shutter on the side.

Sound 3/5, I installed realtek audio app for improving it, average speakers.

Performance 5/5, snappy and responsive. I run visual studio, studio code, sql server and a few chrome tabs at once, this model comes with 16 gb stick. You can add 16 more if you need. Also you can add ssd directly after opening a small latch

Battery - 5/5 6-7 hours with normal usage and 4 hours with heavy usage.

Screen - 4/5 for the price it is a decent scr...
READ MORE"
5,Good laptop... looking good...Good for students
5,"I was so happy with the product
Display Is top notch for this budget
Battery is decent not expect more
Average speakers
Great performance- Butter smooth
Build quality is good .

worth to buy - Go for it"
5,good
5,Good product value for money .
5,superb product value for money
5,Value for money product🔥
5,😍 acer .... ..beast in this segment 💪
5,"I bought 16gb ram 1tb ssd model with free ms office, this is so good in this price with good performance and everything, it's good for software engineers who will do code and other stuff. And it's good for everyone except gamers and content creators."
5,Superb for daily uses not for gaming and coding
5,"Display is ok, keyboard is good but the num pad feels a little bit cramped. No doubt about the performance great for development purpose but the speaker and battery backup are pretty average."
5,"Laptop is good

Performance 5 ⭐
Battery 5⭐
Display 4⭐ not like OLED
Look 5⭐

U can go for it"
5,Superb quality
5,Good perdo
5,"To be honest, this laptop is a beast!! I know people are saying that it's build quality is trash but don't listen to them!! It feels like this laptop has metal build and its performance and display quality is next level 🔥🔥 The only flaw is that there is a little bit cracking sound when I open or close the laptop... But if you will take care of it properly, then it will last for many years... I bought a Complete Laptop Protection warranty for three years, by the way..."
5,Amazing laptop. No complaints so far. I was worried and very skeptical about the build quality but it seems top notch. Didn't get to test it extensively as I gave it away to my brother.
5,Perfect for me . and I am satisfied 👍
5,Price affordable laptop
5,Ghar
5,"i recently purchased a laptop and have been thoroughly impressed with its performance and features. The laptop has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use and carry around. The laptop's display was clear and vibrant, offering excellent color accuracy and sharpness. The keyboard was comfortable to type on, and the touchpad was responsive and precise. The laptop's performance was also top-notch, with fast startup times and smooth multitasking capabilities."
5,"Instead it's battery backup everything in this laptop is good, but battery has need to be improved."
5,"Seamless performance with 8GB RAM with i5 core
Audio is amazing as it comes with Dolby Atmos
Even after long duration and heavy usage no heating problem faced
With the type C 3.2 port can connect my external storage and gives great data transfer speed
Display is amazing, very rare to find 180 degree tilt at this price point
Build is very sturdy even after having metal body it is very light weight making it easy to carry around"
5,Best under rated laptop for daily use and light gaming tasks
5,Overall best
5,Nice. Product this price range
5,"Build quality is very good , battery lasting upto 7-8 hrs even fast charging speed
if you looking for laptop with best performance and budget , then this is it , packaging is also premium , with i5 and 12th generation , performance is pretty good,type c charging , i have used this both for my office work and personal for watching movies , its excellent"
5,I like this product and this is my best best purchase as it is value for money and have some special specs at this price range and can be upgraded too 😁😁
5,This Laptop is Best for balanced Work like student work and gaming both. processor and graphics card are very excellent 👌 👍
5,"RGB lights in keyboard is best and the graphics card is amazing, the laptop doesn't lag and"
5,"Overall, this laptop is a fantastic choice for students and professionals alike, providing a great balance of performance and affordability."
5,Amazing product . Got this at very discounted price in BBD sale from seller SVPeripherals and bought it without a second thought. Giving this review after 3-4 days of usage . Willl update after some days.
5,Awesome Laptop and Very beautiful colour performance and sound is also awesome
5,All rounder in affordable price range with new generation specs..
5,This laptop are awasome performance.
5,Battery issue whenever all is nice 👍
5,HP world laptop
5,NICE PRODUCT IN THE PRICE RANGE. MAKE SURE TO GET fq5007TU MODEL.
5,"Very nice laptop
Working better
Nice experience till now
Must buy, go for it"
5,It's good
5,Nice lapi
5,"Good product value for money 💰💰💰💰
Fast charging leptop
Smooth leptop
Smooth keyboard and tuch paid
Display 4k video support best quality display IPX"
5,Product is best and laptop design is best and value is best and I am very happy .
5,Good laptop it's my first laptop very impressive But battery backup only long for 4 hours for normal task.
5,"This laptop is good for students who will use it for normal task 👍🏻 it's not suitable for gaming purpose as this is i3th processor, the battery drains so fast, display quality is better than other laptops under this price range, you can watch video upto 4k quality, backlit keyboard available, overall a value for money product ❤️"
5,Very good pro
5,"Got this at a very attractive price in BBD sale, performance is good.
Played Assassin's Creed Valhalla on the day it arrived. It delivered a consistent performance at 1080p and gave an average of 144 FPS (which is the native resolution and refresh rate of internal display) on ultra settings. At 4k it was able to give 40-50 FPS on ultra settings."
5,its great
5,Best option for day 2 day use . Display quality is awesome in this price range
5,"Absolutely Value for money for thoes how wants it for office works and Online studies with Decent level movies and songs.
Though I haven't tried gaming, I wouldn't recommend you to run game in it, since the Processor is dual-core, it would give you a bad gaming experience... You can look for its higher versions for gaming, but again since no dedicated GPU is there, you could only get decent gaming experience."
5,"Outstanding performance, works very good. Infinix has provided a very good configuration laptop in very cheap price range as compared to other brands, which provide at 40k. I bought this at 28k only. Very slim, light weighted, i3 8g/256gb, decent camera, backlit keyboard, etc are very good specifications."
5,"Nice product
This laptop is very smoothly work
Design is very good and slime
Charging is very fast"
5,Laptop is very good but some hiting issus
5,"Display 4⭐
Sound 4⭐
Performance 5⭐
Quality 3.8 ⭐
Value for money 4.1⭐
Battery 4⭐

Amd ryzen 7🔥"
5,Great specifications for the price . Windows 11 home. Happy with the purchase.
5,Best laptop in this segment and price range
5,VERY NICE
5,Awesome..thanks Flipkart
5,Nice excelent
5,Very nice laptop this budget ✨💫
5,Good small in size handy
5,Just go for it
5,Great Product
5,"Battery ok ok , rest perdext"
5,"Best purchase
Display- 5/5
Battery- 3/5
Performance- 5/5
Will update you after using for a month."
5,"Its a decent laptop at this price, if you can compromise with storage as it only has 256 GB. Work wise I found it a good upgrade from my old laptop which was an i3 6th gen , in this I got improved launch time for eclipse and even did a springboot application import and build and run the speed was much better compared to my last laptop(the i3 6th gen one which had win 10 and 8gb ram and 1tb hdd). Build quality is okay at this price. Its been around 1 month since I started using it and till now...
READ MORE"
5,Best laptop for free fire it has 60 fps in it and best for gaming
5,"Nice deal, working perform is good, worth to"
5,Excellent product. rtx 4060 is just too good
5,"Amazing product bought this on the bbd sale on a steal price
The display is really good
White backlit maybe a deal breaker but for me its good
The 16:9 screen ratio is a bit of a let down none the less the laptop is amazing
Battery is on the weaker side being its 60whr
And the thermals are just magical I've been
playing black myth wukong on very high with rtx and it's not even hot to the touch
A complete and amazing product by lenevo
Loved it!!!"
5,Very good laptop and if you can get it for 66-67k by adding an exchange and getting the best discount on cards then nothing can beat it and it will easily become the best overall laptop you can buy
5,"The battery could be improved....
Rest other things are perfect...
Soon update the review after 1 month..."
5,"A very good laptop under the budget of 90k
The 4060 and the Hx processor is a beast combo.

Battery and the ssd is on the lesser side, but nothing to complain seeing the price.

Overall a great product- working flawless !
Used for nearly a week now"
5,"It's a great laptop in this price range .
Pros -
Thermals are great 👍🏻
The display is literally nice and you will love it .
Performance is also good
Cons -
I don't know it's only with my product or for every unit I found sometimes when you right click mouse it doesn't work in centre or left of the screen ( your pov ) .
At day 2 my RGB was not working properly and I had to go to BIOS to reset it , it is working now 👍🏻 but still when you open your laptop it starts with blue colour RGB and...
READ MORE"
5,Excellent laptop go for it if u have the budget
5,"The best Value for buck Laptop also best in productivity and gaming. If you want laptop in this price range Ofcourse go for it without any hesitation. Battery backup is good in quite and balanced mode. Performance is also top notch. There are some minor lcd glowing. No any screen bleeding. Don't pay attention to service related issues and reviews because it is vary person to person,area to area.
I'm fully satisfied with predator Helios neo 16 i5 ❤️
Go with i5 and save some money or purchase e...
READ MORE"
5,"Well, close your eyes and buy this beast, performance is phenomenal. I bought this laptop before from Flipkart but had heating issues so I returned , after that again I bought it and it's working awesome, just take care of one thing ,buy a laptop stand along with it so that air flow will be proper in laptop or else it'll just heat your laptop, other then that everything is awesome about this beast"
5,Best performance in the budget
5,Value for money in this price
5,"I bought i5 rtx 4050
Pros-:
Display - amazing and very responsive
Processor - beast
Graphic card - Iike it's name says predator
Thermals - like jet engine
Build quality - solid

Cons -:
Very heavy and u know its a gaming laptop"
5,"Hitting 300 fps in CS2 on medium settings.
Temps are good.
There not much difference in i5 and i7 performance
specially in valorant and cs2"
5,"Great value for money product, performance is top notch, Display is amazing, Battery backup is good, no heating issue, in turbo mode thermal fans make the sound of a jet engine."
5,"It's a great laptop in this price range .
Great Build Quality"
5,Smooth... One key (windows) came out on first day... It magically fixed after I forced it 4 times at its place... Battery life 5 hrs... And good at the price.. front build is good back is quite cheap where hot air comes out.. and yes it do get warm normally I will update anything as I notice in it... I purchased 2 laptops for my twin sisters... Hoping for great.. trusting infinix.. please don't break it..
5,"Wow Wanderfull Laptop☺ Feel over slim and camera is awesom 🙃It's me DPak Raz Singh (from Kishanganj , Bihar, India)
I love Infinix😘 I feel better using infinix products👌❤"
5,Go for it without any hesitation. It's really a good performance of a laptop it will not ever hang I'm sure of it.
5,Tq
5,"This is my review after four months buying.
It's performance is good and battery also good, design and display is pretty much more better than other laptop, and offcourse it value for money those who are searching for coding, basic video editing like davinci resolve and premiere pro or office level purpose also too much good I think this laptop is good for those who are searching under 30000 rupees."
5,"This laptop sounds solid ! With a 12th gen Intel Core i5, 8 GB RAM, and 512GB SSD, it handles tasks smoothly. Plus, the expandable memory up to 64GB is a nice touch. The Full HD IPS screen and midnight blue color are the cherries on top. Great choice 👏🏻👏🏻"
5,1no aahe pan exl work nay hot
5,"Nice laptop, Using from last 6 months. With same feature other brands are selling laptops for 65K"
5,"Best affortable laptop , Starts up quickly. Battery back up is good.

There is no lag during browsing or opening new programs. I think at this price point, best laptop for students and office work."
5,"Not for gamers , but the laptop is fabulous, u can open as many tabs u can , no lag issue, I used for more then 6 hours, no heat issue, battery performance is ok and speaker is outstanding, fingerprint works fast, , over all it's good package."
5,He is 💯 satisfy me...classy design... display functions good...operating will know...any one please take it now...value for money...👍
5,"I got it, the 13500/4050 under 77000 with combination of multiple deals like the flipkart credit card and super coin offers. Ran the benchmark, the specs are top notch, got to 93rd percentile in passmark pc benchmarks. The display is great for creators, 100 %srgb/ 400 nits brightness. The battery backup is low as expected, but you can tune in settings to minimum specs to get 6-7 hours of normal usage, but it needs tuning. The Laptop is a beast and at this price no competition!"
5,"I purchased the Acer Predator Helios Neo 16 i5 gaming laptop on May 26, 2024. great laptop for all purposes, this i5 13500HX performance like i9 12th generation

Display: The laptop has an excellent display with vibrant colors and sharp details, making it great for gaming and media consumption.
CPU Performance: The performance of the i5 13500HX CPU is commendable, handling games and multitasking smoothly.
Build Quality: The build quality is robust and feels premium, with a sturdy chassis th...
READ MORE"
5,could play any AAA game on max settings 60fps and the display is the best I have ever scene
5,It's just wow!!😲😲
5,Nice looking ☺️☺️
5,"I have bought this laptop for coding purposes, especially Android App Development. I use Android Studio on a regular basis. This laptop handles everything perfectly. However, when I use an emulator in Android Studio, sometimes the laptop freezes and I have to shut it down forcefully. I think the problem is from the Android Studio because apart from this all the applications work smoothly."
5,grabbed it for 78k its a beast when it comes to gaming and decent on battery power tasks but its a pure gaming laptop
5,It very powerful laptop...
5,I like it's performance it is a killer breast 2023 best laptop so far
5,In this price segment there is a perfect choice.
5,Best laptop under 1 lakh. Best performance
5,"I am thrilled by the performance that this puppy gives at this price. It is just wonderful, i never thought that i would be able to play AAA games at high settings at this price but here i am enjoying my time playing them. The build quality of this product is fantastic. Good typing feel. Screen oh screen what a brilliant display this has. 400 nits brightness is goated on this device. The battery and sound is also decent. I am just loving it. 5/5 purchase"
5,"This is execellent deal, grab it before it goes out of stock.
Laptop performance is top notch, cooling also mind blowing,it kept temp under 65*C even after playing GTA 5 for 4hrs in highest settings (very high/ultra).
As per online reviews fan noise is not that much irritating ,will get use to it. This laptop is in heavier side (3.6KG) so buy if you've got strong shoulders.
Provided 4.5hrs of battery backup while casual web surfing as well as doing microsoft exel sheets and still 10% left.
G...
READ MORE"
5,something unique 👽
5,"Literally the best Gaming Laptop in this segment. From the metal lid to keyboard everything feels premium.

First of all, Performance!
With i5 13500HX and full TGP RTX 4050 it easily handles modern AAA titles, played RDR2, FarCry 6, Cricket 24, GTA V and many others.
RDR 2 - 60 fps in max settings without DLSS.
GTA V - 185 fps in max settings.
Valorant - 300-400 fps in max.
Almost got 80+ fps in every game on max settings.

Thermals
Played GTA V for 6 hours, RDR 2 for 4 hours and it handled ...
READ MORE"
5,Except battery and few backlight issues in predator sense app everything is great
5,"Great product under 100k, must recommended for high end performance. Go for it
And Flipkart also gave excellent delivery. 😊"
5,"Ok so I'm gonna be very honest and truthful after a week experience.
*Pros*
1)CPU + GPU performance is top notch .
2)Run Games like RDR 2 or Howard's Legacy at 80+ FPS ( Ultra Settings ) on DLSS support.
3)Backlit Keyboard is great and the colors looks pretty visible.
4)Display is great as well , easily one of the best displays at this price range .
5)Thermals are so good man , so good!
*Cons*
1)The Back Lid is a finger magnet and those prints do not go easily.
2)It's 2.8 kg with the cha...
READ MORE"
5,"Best gaming plus performance laptop at these price,highly recommended"
5,Good laptop 😀
5,"I was honestly more surprised by the display than the performance of this laptop. The packaging was excellent, and the laptop was fully new, as if it were straight from the manufacturer. I don't think it has any cons for a hardcore gaming laptop. The pros of this laptop are as follows:

1. The thermals are very good; it cools down quickly.
2. The processor and graphics card are exceptionally good. It can handle games like Cyberpunk and RDR2 at max settings on a 2k resolution.
3. The display q...
READ MORE"
5,"Fantastic
It is best value for money go for it....
It gives mind boggling performance...."
5,Great Product Great Specification
5,"Good Processor, Good Thermals, Power Packed GPU, Excellent Performance and Battery Life. What else one can ask for in this budget segment.
Glad I decided to go with this beast"
5,It's a beast in thus price range
5,Beast!!
5,"Its a very good laptop for this price
I used it for almost 1 month so far no issues had some issues with the predator sense app but after the reinstallation of the app its good
We get good fps in games
Battery is slightly less compared to other gaming laptops but i am satisfied with my purchase"
5,"Working amazing till now, got it before the delivery date, thanks Flipkart for that, only issue with the delivery person, very rude."
5,Wow 🥰.....But battery is fast discharged 😨 🔋
5,Good work good
5,"My brother liked it, bought it for him"
5,Great build. The system remains cool even after long sessions of gaming. Love the quality of the body material. Got it for 82k and it's worth the price...
5,Worth every penny!!!
5,good performance
5,Good machine...
5,Very good laptop in this price
5,Best Product. Good Experience.
5,"Very nice , very powerful machine i love it"
5,Best laptop at this price range 🔥
5,"I purchased this laptop in Nov 29 2023. Writing the review on 24 January 2024. The laptop is a beast. Performance is amazing. RTX 4050 does its job very well. I tried various games like Fortnite and get around 160-180fps in dx12 with dlss on. I get around 200fps in CS2 and 200plus in valorant. no lag at all. 165HZ refresh rate makes gameplay more fun. Brightness of display is fantastic.
Speaker sound is a little bit low though
I am very much satisfied with the purchase."
5,"After 12 months of usage I can say This laptop was an excellent purchase, Highly recommend to anyone who is professional.
Battery backup 10/10
Performance 10/10
Try to purchase during the sale"
5,Loving the first look. Absolutely delighted to put my hands on this beauty. Having high expectations with this device
5,Worth it to buy
5,"Quite impressed with the overall build quality and performance of this laptop . Open with one hand ,speakers and display is too good and processor performance is very satisfactory for coding"
5,"Got this brand laptop as using zebronics sound bar since long and it working fine , so hope it works fine too .. performance wise its good , price reasonable , light weight , built quality is excellent , speaker and display quality is awesome , i am using for my business related work , i think its serves its purpose , till now my experience is good"
5,Good looking and working.
5,best letop
5,Value for money. Easy to handle and good looking lap. This time on time delivery.
5,"Performance: very good.
Build quality is excellent.
Battery backup is 4-6 hrs continuous use.
Design is premium.
Ram and SSD are both upgradable.
Overall the product is very good 💯."
5,Best laptop under this price . Only thing which can disappoint is no backlit
5,"Nice budget gaming laptop. Thermals of this laptop is very good and 4 fans keep the laptop cool even in non AC room and playing AAA titles without any problem. Design is also great and alike legion series. Lenovo vantage is useful and you can update various things like drivers, BIOS etc without any need to download it on other sites. Feature like battery conservation keeps the battery long lasting when you play games on AC power. Sound is little bit less but then I tried nahimic audio after w...
READ MORE"
5,"It comes with 8x2 gb ram. Specifications exactly match with the build number provided in the description.

Performance is optimal.
Features are good.
Lenovo vantage can save your battery by limiting the charging battery to 80% and will run on AC. Eventually it will boost the battery for years if you use the laptop on AC always.

Lenovo vantage allows for GPU overclocking so a good boost for the coming future.

The GPU comes with 85 TGP, whereas online performance comparison sites will sh...
READ MORE"
5,"My new first LAPTOP 💥💥
💥💥Awesome experience"
5,Good laptop it's my first laptop very impressive but battery backup only long for 5 hours for normal task.
5,Best gaming laptop 🔥
5,everything is fine except battery
5,Im happy 😊
5,Verry Good product
5,Nice laptop best price point
5,Every thing is good. But we are not going to get the charger of acer company. So dont be panic during delivery time.. I got the charger of Liteon 120 w
5,nice product
5,I'm soo happy this is my first laptop it's is very nice definitely value for money but battery and speaker should improve but overall worth it🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️
5,Ok 👌 ok
5,Good Laptop under 40K
5,Crazy laptop.. best part is productivity and power usage performance. Overall excellent product. 💯 Recommended.
5,Best laptop under 40j
5,This leptop is a 👌🏻👌🏻
5,Outstanding
5,Very powerful laptop but battery is not good overall good experience..
5,Awesome meet the expectations
5,Performance of the laptop is top notch display is good but the thermals of this laptop is great
5,"It's good for daily usage and casual gaming. GC is RTX 3050 but only 4gb with 85watt. 16GB ram is good in 2023. FHD display with 120hz refresh rate. Ok for me. I5 12th gen processor is good. 8 core and 12 threds. Thermals are good. Nice heat management for Indian summer. Looks cool not bulky. Last but not least, it don't have mux switch but have lenovo vantage where it can set to for different profile, like hybrid or performance or power saving. Overall, am happy with the laptop. Best value ...
READ MORE"
5,"Write after 3month of laptop purchase.laptop is very good.purchase it. 🙂🙂🙂
Value for money."
5,"I got this laptop for 60K during Flipkart summer sale.It's been two months and I haven't faced any problems. The build quality is nice and looks good and it feels heavy when picked but that's all right as it is gaming laptop.
Display is good , brightness levels are ok . You can switch between 60hz and 120hz refresh rate,so switching can give extra battery backup.Thermals are good(2 side exhaust and 2 back exhaust).I play heavy games often and overall temp remains ok.One thing to point that th...
READ MORE"
5,"Nice laptop, GPU is nice does the job plus the thermals are neat, top notch. One hand laptop lead opening would have made it look a little more premium in my opinion anyways I am Completely satisfied with this product."
5,This laptop is awesome everything is good the thermals are superb when idle its averages about 30-40 degrees I can easily run high-end games like warzone
5,Awesome 😎🙌
5,"Worth for the price, does the job quite well
Those who plan to update the SSD storage check which slot they have used, in my laptop they have used SSD slot which supports 2280 size SSD for secondary SSD I had to buy 2242 size SSD"
5,Don't expect to much from the gaming laptop battery if it is worked 1.5 hours continuously it will be the best performance for that
5,"Best laptop for day to day use.
specs are best in the price I got
I feel switching off keyboard lights improves battery backup
I bought it for personal use and not for gaming so won't complain about screen. In fact low resolution screen compliments battery life."
5,Good performance so far.
5,Best at this Price Range
5,Nice product...feels premium
5,Best for gaming and daily uses but battery only 4hr to 7hr backup
5,"Amazing laptop, got it for 61.5k in BBD. Performance is amazing, thermals are good, ram is dual channel and my version from svperipherals comes with MS Office. I am very satisfied with this laptop."
5,"This is very nice i got dual channel ram 8+8 🥰
Very nice performance and rtx 3050 85TGP💯❤️
I am satisfied on this laptop 65k

Its my first order on Flipkart and guys trust me flipkart is trusted ❤️"
5,"Simply phenomial battery backup is awesome considering it is a gaming laptop I get around 5-7hr backup
While playing Games like gta5, god of War, assasian creed origins temperature never goes above 70 most of the time 62-68
Go for it"
5,Awesome Laptop very light in weight and performance is very good
5,"Good laptop for business purposes. Light photoshop works smoothly and little bit of video editing with casual gaming. Battery backup is decent and charging does support 65 watt type c charging. You can charge with any pd charger. After confirming with acer customer support, you can upgrade storage upto 1 tb"
5,very thin and light weight laptop looking superb colour effective display
5,"One of the best laptop under 40k.I got under 36k in big billion days 2024.Value for money go for it.

Q) Reason to buy?
1-Premium look metal body design(14inch)
2-Display is Good(300nits)
3-Processor is good(Budget Friendly)
4-Backlit Keyboard
5-All Necessary ports available
6-16Gb DDR4x Ram
5-512Gb Kingston SSD
7-65W Fast Charger
8-Batter Backup is Good(7-8hrs)
9-Finger Print Scanner
10-Microsoft 365 Personal 6month Subscription
*NOTE*:-Its Suitable for Students and Normal User.If you a...
READ MORE"
5,"This Laptop is just 😍😍.
Its Plus point:-
1. Light weight
2. Premium looks and touch.
3.Good keyboard with zero Flex.
4.A good Screen.
5. A good Camera (1080p) .
6. A good Battery 50 W/hr (Runs 6-7 hrs easily with basic tasks like playing videos) . For heavy tasks(4 hrs easily).
7.A 65 watt Fast Charger.
8.Ms-Office Lifetime.
9. 100GB free dropbox storage for 1 year.

Only negative point is it has a little less volume."
5,"Very good for normal user. Battery backup is around 7 hrs.
Heat too much while charging and using.
Lifetime ms office.
Audio too much low. Screen is good. Metal body premium feels.
Performance wise good."
5,"Al-hamdulillah, I got this on 17oct , presently it doesn't have any issues till now , great look , great display, Masha Allah , will review after 1 month , I hope insha allah it will run at least 7 year or more without any problem."
5,"Value for money
Thanyou filipkart
Full Metal body
14 inch display
Good performance"
5,Has office 2021 home and student edition pre-installed. A big plus. And it can play games released even upto 2020. So a very good device.
5,"Best deal under 34k, love the look. Value for money"
5,"Nice laptop 😃👌
Value for money laptop....
But display no much to be expected...
Speaker are not to be very good...
But performance and build quality are to good...👌👌👌thanks Flipkart for delivery in 2days👌👌"
5,"Best Good laptop in budget, value for money😍"
5,Good laptop with this price range.
5,"Best laptop guys ! Must buy , it's a steal deal !! Brought it under 51k .
Battery is good , if you use 60hz
(upto 6hrs).
Otherwise plugin and enjoy!!
Display is also good !!!"
5,Display is great. Less fan noise but battery is only 3 hrs
5,Great product . 👌 value for money is great
5,"Performance is top notch - i5 12th gen + rtx 3050 + 16gb ram = 🔥🔥
You can do coding, gaming, editing all types of work easily
Design is awesome, backlit is good, battery is average ignore if you are buying a gaming laptop
I play gta 5 runs very smoothly in it
Thermals are very good of this laptop"
5,"Awesome !!!

This is the best in its segment."
5,Product is good in performance and all but you should note that Ms office is not free in this laptop. You will have to purchase it.
5,"In this price range laptop is perfect its offers i5 12th gen with RTX 3050. The only bad thing is that the battery running time is maxim of 2 hours without gaming. However because of gaming laptop, you can ignore this."
5,"Lenovo IdeaPad Gaming 3 with the Intel Core i5 and RTX 3050 graphics, coupled with 16 GB RAM, is an impressive gaming laptop that delivers solid performance and a great gaming experience.

The powerful combination of the i5 processor and RTX 3050 graphics ensures smooth gameplay and allows for running modern games at respectable frame rates. The 16 GB RAM provides ample memory for multitasking, making it suitable for both gaming and productivity tasks.

The laptop's design is sleek and modern...
READ MORE"
5,Nice Product And Worth For Money
5,"Good performing laptop with good display. Gives 120fps while playing GTA5. only cons is battery life (2hour max).
100%SRGB display gives good colour and quality, also good for eyesight.
Build quality is good and design is very attractive.
Takes less than 45 minutes for fully charge with fast charging.
144 hz display makes task smooth.
12gb ram is enough but should upgrade in future.
Got this LOQ model at 48k in BBD.
LIKE IF THIS REVIEWS LOOKS HELPFULL.
THANKS"
5,Best for gaming + Day to Day work . Running Smoothly!
5,"The laptop build quality is good and there is no as such problem as people say about its motherboard..
The performance is top-notch. I bought this laptop for approx 48k and considering that price it's totally amazing
The battery is normal because it's have powerful hx processor that needs power so it's normal ..
The display is good with 100% sRGB
Overall tha laptop is worth the price you can buy without any hesitation."
5,"The product is excellent in terms of built quality.And you can without hesitation go for this if your a casual gamer and also a student.
The display is verry good with colour accuracy"
5,"Product was excellent at this price range. Will update my review after use.

Best laptop in this price range"
5,"Don't expect long battery life from this laptop, if we us it in quite mode max 3 to 3.5 hr battery backup, ignore battery everything was top notch in that budget..."
5,"Best Gaming Laptop under 60K
Best Performance"
5,"Cooling and performance are good. Overall , it's worth buying for around 55k."
5,"It's good but there is an issue with the battery
It's will give only 3 hours of backup
If you need a long battery please just leave it"
5,"Great choice 😁
This is my 2nd laptop
I bought 1st laptop of Lenovo and athlon at just 23000.and it is now a trash.not a tab open on it
But this laptop is 🔥🔥🫠🫠"
5,Really worth!!! Super laptop. Good display and performance. Only con is - Battery backup is only upto 3 hours.
5,"I purchased this laptop on (06-07-2024)
Varient: Lenovo LOQ i5-12th gen 12450Hx (RTX 2050)

Pros:
Display: 9/10
Build quality: 9/10
Performance: 9/10
Everything is fine except battery

Cons:
Battery: 7/10
Heavy usage is about 45 minutes
Normal usage (quite mode+Battery saver) is about 2 hours"
5,Awesome lappy.....after using it for some time it proves too good not heating and working smoothly on multi tasking. Battery is also good
5,ONE OF THE BEST FOR CREATOR AND HOME USE LAPTOP AND BEST QUALITY
5,Good experience so far.
5,Best quality product
5,I got this product in a sale for 45k . This was the best deal of my life. I'm very satisfied with the product. It's been 2 months since I have purchased it and it's running as good as new.My advice is go for it . It gives 110 fps in Gta V on med settings and 270fps in valorant
5,I am buying 50k .... Value for mon
5,Budget laptop for the editing process.
5,"Awesome laptop with great specs
i5 12th with rtx 2050 is really good combo n performance is awesome in this price n screen is also good with 144hz ref rate , fast charging also support n all ports are given.
Design is sleak n elegant, weight is bit heavy near abt 2.4kg. ddr5 ram is soo fast.
Great option for gaming n coding 🔥🫶
Best laptop for this price (50k with offers)."
5,"After the use of 1.5 month giving a honnest review
Pros: processor is good, Display is best and remain read from product overview 😅
Cons: battery backup not good (but according to performance it's good), hinch is soo unstable, fan is noisy"
5,"Best laptop at this price.
The display is very vivid and bright. The colors are very saturated.
Battery stays easily 8-9 hours on normal tasks.
Design is thin and it is super light.
However the touchpad ins't aligned to the centre.
Boot time is fast and fingerprint works flawlessly.
Charging time of 1 hour and 15 mins with a 64watt charger."
5,"Must Buy laptop
Don't see negative comments it's an amazing product premium feel it feels like a premium laptop"
5,"The speaker volume is a bit on the low side, but otherwise, it's the best bang for the buck you can get in this price range."
5,Best since i used
5,Its very good for this price range
5,It's a great Design.
5,The performance in this price range is just awesome
5,Study propose good 💯
5,Overall this laptop is very good specially for this price. I purchased this exactly 1 year before. It is working good but sometimes lags. It's coating quality is very poor. Battery backup is good. Speed ok. Overall experience for normal task is okay.
5,"Best laptop in this budget. No laptop can best this.
Love you so much acer."
5,Reviewing after using 3 months best laptop in this budget no lagging smoothly runnung good battery
5,It is working awesome 👍👍👍👍👍
5,Performance is so good
5,"Everything was awesome expect speaker, Speakers Volume was so irritating"
5,Chief ND best
5,Product is awsome in this price
5,Very nice 👍
5,NICE PRODUCT
5,Absolutely value of power of lenovo
5,"Best product,
Laptops is good working, i'm happy ,
Thank you flipkart"
5,Value for money best laptop to 45000
5,Best Performance 5* 😍😍
5,Should buy this one of best in this range
5,As of now it's working fine so let's see 🙂 I will post the next feedback within some days
5,"The product arrived with a sturdy package, the contents of the box were safe. Delivery associate opened the package in front of me and everything was fine. The laptop is overall nice. What I liked the most is its sound quality. It's awesome. I've been doing light coding like html css on vs code and it runs smoothly. The display is nice, battery backup is around 3 to 4 hours. Overall this is a nice laptop for budget."
5,Overall good battery backup of 4-5 hrs...if you use some hard core office work on it.. other tah. That for office purpose it is good and for binge watching also it is good ...I like it.value for money
5,"Best laptop in the market of 50k segment
Everthing is extraordinary
Just you will miss the fingerprint sensor for unlock"
5,Good product and worth for money💯
5,"Everything great except battery but for gaming laptops we can't expect battery, performance is top notch 👌"
5,Worth it Go for it... 💥💥
5,"its been a week since im using this laptop,its really smooth , working well."
5,very goood product but it get scratches easily . so apply any skin
5,Very good performance and looks like fantastic.. i loved it so much
5,Awesome laptop for this price point. Gameplay is jaw dropping ✌🏻🔥
5,"Pros:-
Top Notch performance offered in a budget Laptop...
Interesting specs provided by Lenovo
Gaming laptop design with a minimal look adds an extra charm in it...
It's exhaust fans nd Hyper chamber cooling system handles all the heat neatly.
Cons:-
Camera could've been better
Audio seemed a little low."
5,It's working smoothly
5,"Overall best machine under 50k , display is crazy"
5,Very good product just battery backup is less otherwise it is very nice
5,Best product in this range
5,It was working so smoothly... I love this product very much... I was so confused at the time of purchase bcz it was my 1st laptop but now I m so happy with the product and very satisfied 🤗
5,"Awesome laptop in this price range
Very good experience"
5,Good working ..good performance..... best for beginners..... freshers.......good lerning....
5,Awesome product 😀👏😍
5,"Thanks to the seller because the packing was very good. And it is a fresh piece. No damage. Or any issue both hardware and software wise. I am writting this after a week of usage. Its really light weight and display, performance is smooth. U can go for it. I got it for 25k. For that price this is the best a reputed company like acer can offer. Really impressed and the delivery agent was also so polite.thanks to Flipkart for the best offers and service."
5,"Value for money
Super"
5,Awesome! Value for money
5,"Excellent product for the price. I bought it for around 22000 during sale and i am well satisfied with its performance. Good for basic stuff, nice display and great performance for the price."
5,My first laptop 😀
5,Best laptop for under 50k 💯
5,"Great Looks, display and performance"
5,Best Value for money buy. I got it at 68k with a card offer during BBD sale. Asus OLED display is superb. Colours are very attractive. Intel EVO certified Laptop. Tough built quality. It looks very good.
5,Very good build quality and display is awesome and it's just a value for money buy
5,"The performance of the product is really good. I run basic research softwares and it works without any lag. The OLED display quality is stunning. Loudness from the speakers are decent enough. Camera quality is good. Light weight laptop. Battery back up lasts easily for min of 6 hrs if you are a casual user. Build quality is good. Metal finish at the edges help to protect the laptop. However the display gets only a thin metal top and bends while pressing the top of the laptop. But if you are t...
READ MORE"
5,Must buy this best in every time
5,One of the best laptops to get in this price range. The 2.8K OLED is just superb. Im easily getting around 6-7 hours of battery life in fixed 120Hz refresh rate in normal usage. you can get more than 7 hours battery life if 60Hz is used.
5,"Great product, it should be restarted after updates and it will be smooth The display is awesome 😎, and battery backup is great, it is great for the office use and for students who don't play games and it can also play basic games"
5,I've been using it for the last 2 months and it's working perfectly. battery backup is good
5,So satisfying
5,Excellent laptop. Speed and oversll performance of the computer is superb. Must buy. Worth it.
5,Best performance best design value for money. But Flipkart delivery is too late that occurs with me first time
5,Best laptop but battery 3 hr only full using improve battery life
5,most accurate product for coding and computer science student
5,"Good laptop under 60k probably best laptop in this range but ha go for 16 gb ram if you want to play games, and screen wobling issue is not that much big just a little wobble is seen"
5,"Unbelievably fast!
Looks great."
5,Overall nice performance from the laptop but screen brightness and pixel are not that good. Also camera of laptop works like 3gp quality.
5,Value of money👍 Hp laptops always Good.. Happy for this💯
5,"Best quality product, excellent build quality, performance, design, everything is fine , I recommend to purchase this product for daily office use with best display quality and long battery life ... amazing thank you HP...thank you Flipkart ❤️❤️💯👍"
5,"Super slim product
Quality is very good
Performance is very good
Overl this is very good product
I recommend every one"
5,"Good laptop, worth it"
5,It's worth taking this product. I ordered during BBD sale and you will not be disappointed.
5,All r good.Don't think go for it.
5,"Love the product, apart from battery everything is great, typing is smooth."
5,Amazing product but lack in battery backup
5,VALUE FOR MONEY 🙌
5,Go for it guys!!
5,Nice laptop sound average hai very good for study
5,"laptop build quality is good, it is budget laptop so performance is average and the display is pretty good it has a anti glare but colour accuracy is a little less and typing feels good ...
will review after a month"
5,Under 25k Very good product I'm so glad I bought this 😃
5,"Most important feature is that there is a separate piece openable, without voiding the Warranty to add a sata ssd. I added a 1 TB one and works fine. Open one philips screw and pry open using plastic spludger tool or any thin and wide metal one staring from one corner and continuing. Thanks Acer. Best regards, George A P."
5,"Flipkart has done delivery after 14 days. The laptop is quite fast, sound is good, battery backup for more than 4 hr after full charge, from 512gb, 32 gb is for operating system rest space you can use. Easily connecting to the WiFi."
5,Really good laptop. Sound is very average though.
5,"DISPLAY is GORGEOUS.
YOU WILL BE ADDICTED TO THE GORGEOUS AMOLED DISPLAY.
Performance is good. Handles all tasks effectively, specially, Topaz Video AI, no need of dedicated Graphics Card.XPU does all the tasks.

Battery could have been better.

Overall it's Awesome"
5,"Best Laptop under 40K for normal office use, programming and browsing. Feels Premium. Display quality is far better than Asus and Acer Brands. Other brands may offer extra features at the same price but this laptop won't disappoint you. Battery Backup is average. Not too good not too bad. Overall laptop is worth buying. Seller TBL Online has delivered genuine product. Heard many negative reviews for this seller but in my opinion seller is genuine."
5,"Good product but I bought last year a hp laptop 11gen 8/512ssd, that is faster than this laptop, battery backup is 5.5hr regular"
5,Satisfied. 👍
5,Simply awesome worth price in bigbillon
5,"Have been using this laptop since 2 weeks now. Not a single issue. Just love the speed n performance this laptop delivers. Display is clear. However, the only con here is the battery backup. It offers upto 3.5 hours of battery backup on mild usage"
5,This is my first laptop and I got it for 37k which was a good deal Backlit keybord with FHD display Good design Overall great product I am completely satisfied ❣️❤️🤍
5,"Purchase this for my sister for assignment work and so far it's great. Battery could be better.
Recommended!"
5,All ok.. you can buy.. it won't disappoint u..
5,Value for money..
5,"It's a super product, display is amazing and the performance also greate.
But for media consumption speakers are that much loud."
5,"Quality and look is amazing so is the performance didn't test gaming yet but hope it's good it would be great if it comes with an nvedia overall great choice 8core cpu 🔥

Slight heating issue but amd is far better that i5 and considering the size it's oke good battery backup charging speed is also good

Camera not that great in low light but ok ok always use phone or webcam for better quality"
5,"overall, the performance is good.
best display
worth for money."
5,Really value for money product!!
5,Great laptop and its performance is really really great but speaker sound is low
5,I have purchased this Lenovo IdeaPad slim 5 i7 13 th gen processor 16GB Ram 512GB Awesome.. best deal on Republic day of India sale. 70k very wow price. Thanks to Flipkart. But delay in delivery. I have waited for additional 5 days after promising date.
5,"I am happy about the build quality and performance. Speakers are low and the battery comes around 4hrs. I feel it's okay for the price, coz i7 13th gen H series processor and 512 sdd. No other laptop has these specs at this price.
16 inches is a lot better than 14 inches so go for 16 Inches model."
5,"Amazing Laptop.
This year's Ryzen 7000 zenbooks are 6 core while this is 8 cores. Lesser price and better performance on CPU + GPU.

Pros:
1. Fantastic best in class screen
2. Look and feels premium AF
3. Most games play well although this is not a gaming laptop (I tried Dota 2, Asphalt and Crusader Kings)
4. CPU usage is minimal on pre installed apps

Cons:
1. For some reason wifi disconnects at times. Maybe a driver issue."
5,"JUST GOT IT YESTERDAY, LOOKS AND FEELS VERY PREMIUM, THE PANNEL OPENS UP WITH JUST ONE HAND , DISPLAY IS AMAZING ✨(ASUS OLED) .TRIED GTA V HAD NO ISSUE 40-45 FPS. GOOD CHARGING SPEED. FULL CHARGE LASTED ABOUT MORE THAN 4 HOURS OF MOVIE WATCH. THE LAPTOP SLEEVE PROVIDED INSIDE THE BOX FEELS PREMIUM TOO. ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT. SOUND COULD BE BETTER,ITS VERY LOW QUALITY REST EVERYTHING IS AMAZING."
5,"Awesome Laptop just got it yesterday, I am very happy with the display and performance. But I was really upset for the speaker because the default settings which came with laptop had very low sound on speaker. So I researched and find out that there is an app inbuilt called DTS where you have to select custom audio to actually get the full sound of the speaker (by default it will be on music mode). Check if it's working for you :)"
5,"Bought it for 61k. Good value for money. Satisfied with the design, performance, battery backup. Hassle free user experience so far after a week."
5,Value for money. Excellence purchase!
5,Superb Product from Acer according to budget
5,One of the best laptop in this range seriously am using it and if u want to do some basic work and for beginners just go for it 😄
5,Outstanding performance according to its price
5,"I've been using the Acer One for a few weeks now, and it's quite impressive. The compact design is a major plus, making it easy to carry around. The IPS display is surprisingly bright and vivid, something you don't usually find in laptops under this price range. It can offer a decent 5 hours on a single charge with regular work and browsing.

The typing experience is a bit of a mixed, it's somewhere between chicklet and mechanical but that hasn't been a deal-breaker for me.

All in all, if yo...
READ MORE"
5,Excellent value for money. Just takes 7 seconds to boot and 3 seconds to shut down. Pretty fast for day to day tasks. Very good display. No heating issues. Bang for buck.
5,Value for money this leptop 😍😍😍
5,"Nice in Budget... Only for Business Persons and Light Coding. Not for GAMERS..

IN BUDGET ITS IS GOOD

Score

Perfomance. 8/10
Battery. 8/10( backup 10 hours)
No Heating. 10/10
Color. 6/10(Easily Dirty)
Weight. 8/10
Charging. 5/10( 2 hours battery Charging)
Ports. 10/10


Cons.
No Backlight Keyboard
It's is Easily Dirty by Our hands


If any want to take this Laptop go for 512GB Storage. ..
Buy Laptop Skins, Keyboard Protector, Touchpad Protector.."
5,Good👍🏻 i have expirance lenovo naw iam use Acer let see in future. how will be new brand Expirence
5,"Genuine review, I've been using this one for the last 2 weeks. This is a great value-for-money product.
Display : display is IPS, with great wide-angle views, and no colour grading
Sound : It's not that good but somehow manageable. Also, speakers are given on either side thus no sound blockage
Processor : i3 11gen does the job for normal to moderate tasks
Build : polycarbonate build with no flex, hinge is good too, top-notch durability
Keyboard : time travel is good, keys are soft
Camera : wi...
READ MORE"
5,very fast and nice laptop. restarts in just 10-13 seconds. and after switching on ready to use in next second no lag and nothing found in last 7 days. I found my 10 years daughter very happy with this laptop. even i have HP and DELL but this is the best ever laptop for us.
5,Display quality is not good
5,This is the best deal i got on big billion days sale. Best laptop on this price worth it buying.
5,Awesome 👍👍👍
5,A decent performance with good features and people who are complaining about audio issues just open dts app and enable dts audio processing.
5,"This is a good laptop and beautiful OLED display, blacks are deep and colour are crisp and bright, decent battery life the build quality is great the only downside I found in this laptop is the inbuilt speakers are not loud enough, apart from this this is an excellent laptop with good specs"
5,"It is the best laptop I have ever experienced .
Pros - Display, Sound, Performance, Battery.
Cons- I haven't found any cons yet."
5,"This is the amazing laptop I have ever purchased under 70k I have played GTA 5 in 90 Hz. Framed, and it turns very smooth, and I have played other high end games and it works well, Display is one of its kind. No, MacBook and other laptops can beat That OLED Display 💯🎖, Although it's very light weight and it's very slim as well, so it's very compact to carry anywhere, it have type C charging which charge very quickly and the battery also last long. So I will not complain about any issues i...
READ MORE"
5,"Osm product just go for it...
Buy it bellow 71k
I will ensure you that you can't regret"
5,"Great deal
I found it very good after one month use
No cons found yet
Every student should have to go for deal"
5,"Best Laptop
got it for 62k
2.8k oled display is next level
premium design
Just loved it"
5,Just go and buy it
5,Good for Editing and gaming
5,"Amazing laptop
Battery backup 5 hrs to 6 hrs
IPS display
Portable design
Compact laptop
Back-lit keyboard
Fingerprint missing
Perfect for coding, students, productivity works"
5,Valuable
5,"Good laptop, depends on our requirements, fulfill my requirement, also got best deal in Flipkart Big billion day, 50-53k best value"
5,Super machine in 50k range. Totally satisfied 😃
5,Overall value for money u can go for it
5,"Nice product, wow amazing"
5,awasome product.
5,Excellent Performance and design quality I like so much this Lenovo Laptop.
5,Nice performance and display..
5,Excellent Product 👍
5,perfect laptop
5,"After 1 year of extreme usage,I will finally say this laptop is beast in every situation, display is top notch, battery backup is great, sound quality is also Crisp, performance is upto the mark, backlit keyboard also making small improvement in typing,so far no issues,also asus is great in providing services releted to premium products like this laptop.."
5,Good quality product. Haven't faced any issues till date.
5,Everything is good we prefer bag to be given free along with the product
5,Worthy ✨ It is a good PC All tasks run smoothly Without any issues and you can also do decent 🎮🎮Gaming...
5,Excellent Excellent
5,very cute and small laptop easy to carry but the charging complete fast
5,Awesome performance love it!
5,overall good
5,For the time being performance is excellent but battery drain faster
5,Just awesome......as well as🤩🥰
5,"Nice laptop with nice display, battery life and nice performance with nice price. Just go for it"
5,"It’s fast performing, best quality and must buy laptop in it’s price."
5,This Laptop is so awesome and features are very good in low price and this is very thin and light weight and display is super that's all over is very good.
5,"On Time Delivery by Flipkart. Laptop is very good, bought it for my son who is in his first year engineering, he loved it. At this price range its Fantastic - i5 processor, 16 GB ram and 512 GB SSD. Booting is super fast. Value for money. Go for it."
5,"Its just amazing, only One issue I am facing is .. storage is low... Its only 512 gigs.. and I am not sure if we can upgrade it or not... Else ways its best... i also played some games like GTA 5 and RDR 2 it was fine though there were some frame drops but it was providing 30-35 fps on high settings. i also did some coding on it created some projects and used it very extensively and I conclude it with...yes you may consider it as you first laptop."
5,Must buy such a fast laptop I have ever experienced only in 3sec it starts and works so well
5,Good quility
5,"overall best thank you lenovo
Battery life is so good 😊
Go for it 😍"
5,Very nice project 👍👍👍
5,"Laptop performace,Design everything is very good except Battery Backup, full Battery (with use or without use)is not giving more than 3 hrs Back up. Hp need to focus on Battery Backup issue."
5,Osm
5,"Best Laptop For Students , Coding , Performance in budget, Business , Casual Gaming .."
5,"One of the best laptop in this price segment Elegant looks, This is very useful for office use as well for students. Thanks Flipkart for fast delivery 😊"
5,Really Good 👍
5,"Overall awesome performance 👍
App opening speed is quite good
Booting speed is very fast it's about 12 to 15 seconds.
Best thing by HP"
5,"I Expected Big and I got it....🤩.
I am Fully Satisfied With this laptop....⚡
Hp Brand 🔥🔥🔥
Thankyou Flipkart...❣️"
5,"My first laptop 💻😊
Battery back up okk"
5,Very good laptop at this price range. Processor is very fast . Display quality is nice. And light weight easy to carry.
5,"Super laptop in minimum amount for students
I Like this laptop 👑"
5,for college students laptop are good
5,Good product in this range batter backpack good speed medim l Love this product acer laptop
5,Very Good product Value for money. Performance is good at this price. It runs python 3.11 very smoothly
5,Good laptop at a very affordable price.
5,Very slim and weightless laptop but this is professional
5,Nice product 👍
5,"i though it may not be that reliable .. after reading reviews..
but .. it is working quite well and nice battery backup.
no issues faced..

(writing this review after 10 month of usage..)"
5,really very good product everything is ok battery is also good picture quality excellent sound quality is good but not loud camera is average
5,"It's good, under this budget. You can go for it."
5,best leptop
5,Awesome Laptop with very good features and performance. Spekar is also very powerful and has big size screen. It also includes number pad which is really useful. Value for money and must buy.
5,Just super !
5,"Works very fast, battery is also good, no problem"
5,"The look and feel are awesome. Works well as per the specifications. Extremely light to carry. Great for college students, entertainment, or if your job doesn't require heavy software."
5,"Very good look wise, comfortable to work on. Can buy product at this price"
5,"Performance is awesome, design is good, display is 14inch ,color , battery life up to 5hours, over all it is awesome. Cheap and best product ."
5,I'm happy with this... Let's see how long is my happiness 😊
5,"Very nice product, its fast compared to other brand"
5,NYC product
5,This is the best ❤️😌😌❤️ laptop 💻 in my life 😉
5,I used this product since 3 months. Product performance are very very very nice but some heating issue has been observed in it. But you can ignore it.
5,Reviewing after 1 year of usage tbh for daily purpose it is good but not for gaming Love it. Thanks Infinix
5,"One of the best laptop,I just surprised to see how it's handle heavy softwares like Android studio hours after hours so smoothly... value for money"
5,"Perfect one!!

After almost 6 months of working, It is still running smooth, features are awesome, Battery is perfect and look is superb."
5,"This is an hand carry easy lap top,I by x1 laptop 16gp ram it was very nice and good person was good, you can check the market all are plastic boy but infinix has stell body"
5,100% genuine product
5,"I am using this product for my office use since last 3-4 weeks, Its response time is excellent. Not lagged till now, design is awesome and graphics are too good. I will definitely suggest this product for office use/ educational work requirements."
5,Compare to other brands its value for money deal. Thank you flipkart 😘😘
5,"Best laptop,value for money"
5,Best laptop at this price
5,Too good for student even in IT field.
5,"Super awesome laptop, working very fast. With such low rate"
5,"Everything is perfect especially the backlit keyboard. The display is awesome, processor is fast. Little bit hot back panel during heavy usage."
5,"Must buy
Value for money
Chip cost"
5,At this range this is good product
5,Super 👌mast
5,"This is very good laptop in low budget....
Camera is not that much good, but average type.
Otherwise all performance are very good.
After 8 months use I can say that this laptop is awesome 👍🏻
Must buy.
It's very useful in study purpose, video editing purposes, business purpose, storage purpose, some types of game purpose. 👍🏻"
5,Very good display
5,Value for money 💰💰💰
5,Best product will recommend do my friend.willing to buy one more for my friend.amazing
5,Super excellent
5,Good for newcomer
5,Best Laptop in the market
5,Very nice product but keyped light no have ins this product
5,"I want to share that the product I received that is fq5007tu is awsome. I was bit hesitated because many people commented that the battery backup is not as they expected but in my case it is good. All other features I received as I expected. I am very happy to receive this product as it is currently not available in market. If you specifically want to buy fq5007tu model then order the grey colour from here. Don't choose natural silver colour because it may deliver fq5327tu model which don't h...
READ MORE"
5,"Hp brand🔥 , performance even beat i5 10 gen laptop .one of the best laptop under this price segment .
Built quality amazing"
5,Amazing product thanks flipkart
5,Must buy
5,Awesome laptop go for it
5,This a very nice laptop... If you're a student and want to play some low graphic games then you can buy it...This laptop is laptop for a student..also for office workers..
5,It's a nice product. Value for money. This product I used before one year. It's a great product. Thank you infinix
5,Review after 1 year.fully satisfied with this one.working good till now.
5,Superb ...
5,Nice laptop good performance
5,"Review after 20 days of use.
Amazing performance, very light weight everything thing is great except the noise of the fan is too much. Most of the time the fan is on and it produces lots of sound this is the only downside of this still giving 5 star rating"
5,Awesome perhaps best laptop with clear display
5,"Best laptop ever go with it ,There is no blue screen or any other issues, Using last 10 days 👍👍👍👍"
5,"Excellent machine , I am able to run docker , minikube , intellij without any trouble . what else you can expect for 34000 machine ."
5,Awesome in this price range
5,Great product according to the price .. works perfectly
5,Light weight powerful laptop
5,Product is gud . Just received with normal damage.. but I don't like to return the product.. cute slim laptop.love it.
5,Everything is fine but battery performed is little low
5,All is well
5,Where nice product
5,Awesome 👍
5,"Very good laptop at this price
Pre installed windows 11 and ms office 2021
Illuminated key board is good for night use
Look is impressive
Display is very good as per price range
Anti virus only trial version
Overall very good laptop for daily use."
5,"Very nice laptop, this laptop is used for office work and study work and coding."
5,"If you are a student looking for coding this is best choice. Laptop also coming with AMD decent processor for multi tasking like python, data analysis, all types of office works. Display is good. Battery is amazing lasting very long.
Value for money. Windows 11 pro pre-installed. Nice laptop, no heat problems. Also has upgradability for another SSD or hard disk. Camera quality is decent no problems with videocalls, zoom calls.
I didn't see any lag, ram is super. One thing is Ms office is no...
READ MORE"
5,Buy without any hesitation
5,"Superb quality, I am happy, Tq Flipkart"
5,Very nice laptop 💻 budget trading setup
5,BEST LAPTOP IN THIS PRICE SEGMENT
5,Super awesome performance
5,"Very good product
Build quality 💪🏻😀 awesome
Display quality 😄 fantastic
Keyboard quality good 😊
Performance according to the price outstanding 😜😁
Battery 🔋 life average 😀 (atleast 5-6 hr)

Slight heating something is only drawback.
But it is easily ignorable because of this price tag of 28000.

Accessories that can make your purchase decision better is a usb hub and a laptop cooling pad 😁."
5,"A great alternative to flagship 2in1. Good performance. Great screen and Touch is awesome. Speakers are just okay. Battery life could have been better. In my usage 3-4 hrs on one full charge. Fan makes noise I wish they would have provided software to control fan speed. No type A port. That's a bummer, but I can manage. Overall value for money. Great for Students."
5,Good product with this price
5,Bought this laptop a month ago it works good and got it for affordable price of big billion days
5,Great perfomance
5,To good
5,Good quality and value for money product
5,"I received the product yesterday and based on initial usage I would like to comment on the following.

1. Product outlook and design are really good. Light weight.
2. With more than 2 hours of usage I am not seeing no heating problem.
3. Battery backup I have to use it for some more days to comment anything.
4. Hp product packaging was really good.
5. Video and audio looks excellent.

Cons:

1. Keyboard Backlight which is a very basic feature that HP should provide. I don't know what savings...
READ MORE"
5,Nice laptop 👍
5,"Iam satisfied in this product, good perfomance
Good design, but battery is average, budget friendly"
5,Best laptop under this price
5,"I am happy with the purchase, but web cam picture quality is not good."
5,"Good product,quality body case, value for money, camera could be better it is little low light (dark display)"
5,I never see the product like this before.. I mean you amazed when you see the quality of this product... I am so happy to buy this.. In this price range... You never got the product like this Anywhere.. Love it
5,"Excellent product.
Writing this review after 10 Days of usage.
Great display and performance is also very good.
If I need to say anything on the improvement side, the battery back up comes only 5 hours.
Overall a fabulous product."
5,Amazing product idk about services but in using product is good and more than value for money
5,Excellent product in this price segment
5,"Excellent Product, Amazing display, 3-4Hr Battery, looks and Feels great.
Purchase 4 Qty for my family.
For Creative People, It's awesome.
All 3 are USB C which is future of ports.
Power adaptor is also very good quality.
Overall Value for Money..Go for it."
5,Cheap and best product
5,Best laptop for this price...❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
5,Nice product 👍🏻
5,very nice product good and usefull good lenevo
5,Awesome product 👌 Nice workings 👌Super looks..... 👍🎉
5,Nice products👍👍👍👍👍
5,The leptop is very good and you can easily because of the new software I sincerely thank you for sending the mail again because of the bill download problem.
5,Very good and perfect laptop for office work with good performance and good battery life
5,"Here is a detailed review of the product :-
Bought it majorly for coding and project works.

Performance - 5/5
Display - 4/5
Battery 3/5

Will easily run most of the things that u would require.
Design wise, quite elegant.
Best product in this range.

Overall a good choice."
5,Good Laptop
5,"Thanks flipkart for this very amazing product for delivery.
Good performance ,classic design overall value for money product."
5,By the way this product is amazing
5,Best laptop of hp
5,Sup
5,Fabulous purchase. Excellent quality at a very competitive price point .Value for money .Shall follow a complete review after fortnight use.
5,"A great product for your money. Stylish design, metal case, convenient to use both as a laptop and as a tablet.

Traditionally, this type of device has a weak point in the loops connecting the keyboard to the screen. I hope Chuwi has worked through this moment and everything will work for a long time and reliably.

I am satisfied with the purchase! It's the right thing for travel!"
5,"Value for money, good performance, don't think much go for it."
5,"I loved the laptop, its very comfortable to use. Screen is also awesome."
5,"Using this laptop for a month
Pros side
Smooth performance no lag
Display is good quality
Handy and compact
Con is only battery back up which is around 5 hour"
5,Excellent 👍 best in this segment infinix nailed it laptop is blazing fast amazing
5,It is good laptop
5,"A perfect product, both build quality and performance are good. Though now 13 inch varient is also available if you need it for frequent outings. Then you can go with that too"
5,Best laptop nice design very fast booting
5,I loved it
5,Very powerful product in low price
5,"Amazing laptop with High end performance. One of the best laptop available in market.

Performance -5/5
Battery -5/5
Build 5/5
Display 3/5
Keyboard 5/5
Charger-3/5
Charging speed-4/5
Ports-5/5
Bios-3/5
Windows-1/5

For programming - definitely recommended
For gaming - not recommended
For careless users - not recommended
For video editing - not recommended
For general use - highly recommended

I have a positive opinion about the laptop but why 2 stars?

They have a very good hardware but the...
READ MORE"
5,"I was waiting to buy a new laptop for so long. But every time I went to buy, there was some compromise in at least one measure. But this is the first laptop which satisfied all the criteria that I wanted. So, the moment I found it live, I just ordered it. According to me, you will fall in love with it.

Pros:
1. I liked its 3 modes of operating. Based on your requirements, you can choose any mode.
2. Battery life is excellent. I used half the time in balanced, some time boost and remaining in...
READ MORE"
5,I loved it.
5,"i just get it this laptop today and just use it for 5 to 6 hours and feel good and satisfied with product
and at that price no one in completion just go for it without doubt on brand it is jist osum laptop"
5,It would have been nice if there was Raj45 Port. 👍
5,"Nice laptop I am happy with this laptop
Good performance
Value for money laptop"
5,Good use for college and off
5,"Amazingly fast. Display is of very good resolution. Needs to improve the running time of battery backup. Else, it's a superb product and really challenges other big brands"
5,Awesome product with awesome features with affordable price so far so good 👍
5,I love product
5,Product is good battery is draininh
5,Good for money Good
5,Good purchase nice laptop and very good condition
5,Totally value for money
5,"Battery OK till, screen very good, design and body perfect, I am a coding developer so added ~ 10 IDEs work perfectly no lagging, Sound could be rating wise but you can refer my video, value of money nice product"
5,Have usb charging now I can go without my phone charger will need to carry only one charger for all my phone and laptop. Backlight is good. Screen is 14 inch is small but for carrying 14 inch lap is best. I use 27 inch monitor along with it at home and it mostly works in pare with monitor. That's where I found colour projection of laptop in build screen I not accurate still you will not notice the difference using separately.
5,Very good product according to price
5,"Excellent laptop didnt expected much at this price point
I loved it"
5,Value for money Leptop.
5,Excellent! Great for the price. Go for it when there's a sale.
5,Good product definitely go for it
5,Nice it's working fine thanks to flipcort
5,"The more RAM that's available, the faster a computer will feel to you. Eight GB of RAM is a solid baseline for average users to juggle web browser windows, word processors, and other popular apps, while 16 GB of RAM is a better baseline for more-intensive use cases like productivity suites and gaming."
5,Good laptop best price to buy diwali sale but battery back up up to 3 hour's
5,"All games run very smoothly in this laptop.bgmi,gta5 and free fire run very smooth on 1080 resolutions...battery lasts 5 to 6 hours without gaming and 3 to 3.30 hours while gaming 4k video editing can also be done. I say this laptop is an all rounder laptop under 35000..."
5,"Loved it best laptop in this price segment
Best part is display 🔥 comparable with OLED panel
Design wise also good a light weight laptop
Battery is ok ok normal but charging is fast
Sound is not too loud but its decent clear and accurate for watching movies and lectures sitting in front of laptop
New features
Co pilot button is added
Go with 16 gb variant for multitasking purposes
For basic use 8g is good
Ram and SSD is soldered so can't be upgraded
Overall best laptop in this segment ...
READ MORE"
5,Everything is perfect far more than perfect just battery drains too quick . 2 out of 5. But its ok because no other company provides this specifications at this prize and obviously we will require to charge it and now a days power bank for laptops are also available.
5,"The Zero Book laptop is a highly portable device . great balance of performance and design.
Best for students. Best display i am so happy with the product. I like keyboard"
5,"Excellent laptop for this price every thing is ok
Got it for me but i sent it to my sister the same day


Screen, picture quality and sound won't dissappoint you"
5,"Valuable product
Good for our use"
5,Good product but it does not include Microsoft office
5,Good laptop for students and nice laptop at this price. I love it 🤩
5,Product is amazing. Colour. Design. And valume . I like product
5,Hp leptop ii's the। Best। Quality provided
5,This product is very Excellent 👌
5,Super working
5,Good laptop
5,Good pr
5,Ok product good not bad
5,Very good Laptop for home use with latest feature.
5,Good product Thanks Flipkart
5,"Super performance, I love it"
5,Except for Flipkart delivery service everything else is good.
5,The material you sent is good material. It is not useful for us. Give us the money back. Or I5 We request you to provide a laptop
5,Feels good in this price range
5,"Perfect laptop ,worth buying

Product received in time with opn box delivery.
Lightweight, Charging is fast, display is very good ,working properly with keyboard,pen and touch as well
Sound quality is good

Please go for 16 GB Ram option. In 63k very good laptop. Can be used as tab as well by folding."
5,Beautiful design and flexible for working.
5,"Very bad laptop
Display is having issues blink problem
Heat issues"
5,"Delivery went smooth
Light weight and sleek design.
Thin bezels with IPS display.
Heard about the low sound issue which can be resolved by changing to surround sound in the Realtek audio app installed on the device.
Backlit keyboard makes the night works easy.

No heat issue if kept on table (may heat up if kept on bed/lap)

As of now, no issues.. as it just got delivered yesterday.

if any issues, will be updated."
5,Best in the price.
5,This product is very good
5,Nice product but battery 🔋 not work long time
5,"Fabulous Product!!😻
All good except battery drainage speed!!🐱"
5,Decent choice with most specifications checked.Price looks like little more in the segment but acceptable as Brand is HP and windows pre installed.
5,All things are good please purchase
5,"Battery backup not good
But all things is awesome 👍🏻"
5,Amazing product. I am so excited and so helpful my study
5,"It is good ,but only setback is battery backup..but it is anyway good product.."
5,"Excellent, working perfect. Received the product in good condition, thanks to Flipkart and team. A do try product"
5,Dissopointed display
5,Fantastic 😍😍
5,Worth to buy it
5,Fabulous experience with myself by owning a first ever hp laptop on windows 11.
5,Thanks hp and best thanks for Flipkart
5,"Value for money
Good product"
5,"I got this laptop for 37k, really amazing for all your daily tasks and yes also to learn languages too. I didn't try any games on this, so I can't comment on its gaming performance. Ideal for business users I guess."
5,Overall good 👍
5,Nice laptop performance is good
5,Very good good product before buying it I do research for almost 4month after I finds this is very good laptop
5,"Product was good at this budget some new features added in ideapad series overall performance was excellent
Display✅️
Backlit keyboard ✅️
Camera ✅️"
5,Excellent product. All need of computer savvy is satisfied. Booting is awesome.
5,It's good and awesome.go for it.
5,"Very nice, decent performance, reasonable battery life, perfect for dev and office work"
5,Best laptop for students under 50k
5,"I purchased this on sale at 39000, so according to this price laptop performance is good, but the only issue is display brightness"
5,Excellent 👍👌
5,Good best performance fast working good best laptop 💻 for hp i3 12 jeneration windows 11. .
5,Best of luck 🤞🤞🤞
5,Bulid quality and performance is so good
5,It is very comfortable to operate. Go with 16 Gb varient 😊
5,I purchased this laptop on 27 September from day one I am facing problem of auto shutdown I tried contacting the service centre but no one is able to solve my issue. Don't buy this laptop
5,"A perfect laptop for day to day office work. Lots of negative reviews are here regarding auto shutdown but no such problems are there. Just do all the windows updates and nothing to worry.

Boot up time:
Around 6 to 7 seconds approximately.

Battery backup:
1. 7 to 8 hours when you work with Microsoft office apps.
2. 3 to 4 hours with video watching.
3. About Games no idea."
5,Nice product in this price range. I'm scared to bought this by reading the reviews... But I'm using it since a week without having much problem.. simply go for it guys!!!
5,Good product but something is missing like caps lock notifications button and Ms office but overall product is good
5,Worth of money.nice service nd amazing build for that price range.go for u need it
5,The design is pretty good and the performance is up to the mark . haven't faced any issues its been two weeks . I suggest it to buyers who are looking for a good laptop at a reasonable price
5,"And This is my Update.

Like others I had faced frequent shutdown issues. One thing which worked for me was the Cloud reinstall of OS and updated drivers. Which did the trick for me and solved the issue."
5,Don't think this laptop is bad by looking at someone else's review because it is very good. I have not faced any problem so far and I think it won't happen in the future either.
5,"Good product ; Great , Best in this price segment.
Performance is no doubt killer
Battery is very good total 8 hours you can use in full charge.
And the display is awesome
Big highlight is keyboard with backlit
Sound is also very good."
5,"Best best best , I can't believe this kind of laptop in this price range. Don't over think, go for it for coding, multitasking and even some games."
5,So good product full satisfied at valuable price 🤗🤗🤗🤗
5,Perfect laptop for students.
5,Really it's osm
5,nice and excellent
5,Overall very good
5,"The product is having good configuration and affordable when compared with other brands, Need more assessment to understand performance"
5,LAPTOP IS GOOD BUT SOMETIME AUTOMATIC SWITCH OFF
5,"This product is awesome
But auto shutdown issue is very badd"
5,"An amazing product.
Had problem with auto shut down but then after talking to the acer customer care, it resolved for real. Must go with this product and if need help with auto shutdown problem then you know what to do"
5,Its working fine so far. I bought it 2 weeks ago. I will provide my review after few months
5,"Best product, super fast 16gb ram is great."
5,Worth product at low price
5,"Overall ok but speaker capacity was low
Especially display was very good

Otherwise all are ok please don't judge to review I'm also confused"
5,"At first frightened by the reviews of some of the reviewers. But I bought the 16gb variant and found it to be well working. No lagging, no hanging. Just for some update it restarted and after that it is working very well. I am pleased with its performance."
5,"Worth it
I need one more laptop
Do you courier
I will advertise your products.
Thank you
I have 10 year old led monitor"
5,Not bad good product
5,Good laptop in this price can u go for it.one more thing three members give bad reviews bros forget because this is elctronic devices only time period have other all are crash okk dont worry u go for it
5,Awesome 👌
5,Nice product!! I liked it
5,"Good for coding and surfing ,battery is good , charging via type c is good and the sound quality is decent , and 16 gb is good at this price on big billion days sale"
5,Till now it's working good you can go for it
5,"Been using this for the past few weeks... Absolute value for money,
Speakers could be better but overall good laptop.
Did NOT face any auto shutdown problem."
5,Nice item
5,"Beat laptop and b best performance
Thankyou Flipkart"
5,"Nice product, worth it"
5,"Display quality is very bad
Battery backup very bad
No keyboard light"
5,Everything is good but keyboard backlight is missing in this product
5,Value for money product.
5,"Product is excellent.But battery back up is very poor.From 100% battery charge,it lasts not more than 3 hours and 15 minutes."
5,Performance best hai
5,Nice laptop 😀💻💻
5,Nice Performance
5,"I can't believe screen quality is too good,
battery backup around 5-6 hours that's enough, sounds is decent not low and not very loud.
Back-lit keyboard,16gb ram and ryzen 7 processor at 42k are best in this price range."
5,"I am using this laptop since Oct24 (6 Months) and it is working very good. Smooth running and function very well. As I purchase this laptop for my official work.
Light weight and look its build material is very light. So handle with care."
5,"Excellent purchase, On time delivery and good Packaging.
performance is really good. battery is decent i would say, 7 to 8 hours battery capacity for medium IT tasks. Go for it."
5,Awesome 👍👍 9.5/10
5,"Don't overthink if your budget is under 45k go for it. Everything is perfect
But here is a one cone about it the web cam is 0.92MP
Which is not good they could do it better.
But all other things in this price range is awesome"
5,Good 😊👍
5,"Decent laptop
Battery drains fast
Other than that everything is fine 👍🏼"
5,Value of money go for it
5,"It's a good laptop for personal use and study. It's lightweight, and battery backup is also good. In this price good one. I'm happy with this product. Thanks."
5,"The laptop is ok and is the best gaming laptop , I have ever seen . Gaming experience is best and the sound is much better and louder as compared to LENOVA gaming laptop."
5,"The laptops really good, can handle Fortnite and Valorant at ease without any issues"
5,100srgb fake information and 300nite brightness are fake fan direct heat to display other wise best laptop
5,Nice laptop i like it.
5,"Overall, I am very pleased with my purchase of the Acer One 14 Laptop from Flipkart. It meets all my needs and expectations, providing a reliable and enjoyable computing experience. I highly recommend this laptop to anyone looking for a dependable and affordable option for everyday use."
5,Very nice laptop 😍😍🥳
5,It's the best laptop in this budget. Issue it has only 3 hours battery backup
5,The beast 🔥🔥
5,The laptop looks great and beautiful. It has 16GB RAM 1TB SSD with 4GB graphic card. Specifications are great. Overall a good buy. Got massive discount with credit card. Performance is just great.
5,"Enjoying till now
Everything is good
After 4 month
No issue"
5,Best laptop with 16gb ram and 1Tb SSD. I got this in 60k an card offer. Value for money.
5,Nice Laptop
5,The product is perfect for someone looking for average use with i5 processor
5,very good laptop in 38000
5,"Got this laptop yesterday, everything is running fine , today when I open it I get to know that there is little yellowish effect at edges of display after researching I found its normal in new laptop so don't worry if you face this it will be fixed automatically, overall it's a good laptop with good performance, good design"
5,Super product.. go for it
5,Nice product
5,"Got it for 24k, perfect for media, office and presentation purpose, best for students and fresher going to office."
5,LOOKING GOOD 👍👍
5,"Awesome Laptop at this price
Silver colour is amazing
Battery backup is very good
Design is awesome"
5,"Everything about this product is perfect, the only minor con is the display. It's not bad, better than what lenovo, Dell and HP is providing in this price range but it could have been better."
5,Value for money.
5,Value for money 💰 product
5,"So I want to share my experience regarding this product
It's is Amazing product at this price range
If anybody want it for daily use study purpose just go for it ignore all the negetive related to display because in this price range you won't get OLED or any other top notch quality display
So overall this product worth it and satisfied it with its price range"
5,"Super laptop got it 31000
You can play GTA V easily with it
Battery is superb"
5,"Good one so far. Battery is decent 5-5:30 hrs. backup. Display is good, but you will feel some difference compared to OLED. I bought it around 41.8K. From this budget Ryzen 7 AMD series is good. I am not a gaming fan, and I don't have an idea. Yet to add some software testing and This is my initial review. Will update the review once after testing full laptop."
5,Whatt a excellent performance....go for it....!! Without any hesitation
5,Best performance and design
5,"It's really good product value for money

Good confirm and + Lenovo it's it's really grt.


It's delivered within 2 days at my home

As compared to Lenovo option site perice and shop dealers discount option option is good to buy....

Performance colour and screen are really osm.

Thank you"
5,Laptop performance is top
5,"Lenevo Laptop Slim looks and Display is also good I don't know IPS panel available ya not but Like IPS panel its Run Heavy programming
AUDIO 4/5
Display 4/5
Decent Battery 5-5.30 hours"
5,This is a very good laptop with descent performance and display is so assum
5,"This is my review based on 1 week of usage.
This a very powerful machine.👍
1) A decent display at this price
2) AMD processor is 5th gen but yet powerful enough
3) Sound quality is decent at this price point (use Dolby Atmos).
4) Battery life could be better, but supports fast charging
5) Build quality is also good, no issues
6) Webcam quality is below average

Suitable for casual gaming, but not Heavy games
They should have provide one more USB port.
Every thing is fine till now.
Let's s...
READ MORE"
5,"Very good laptop, with best configurations for the price and it is good for learning all general programing languages."
5,Awesome product..value for money
5,One of the best buys at the given price for the config
5,"Working very smoothly.
Great build quality.
Light weight.

Go for it😊"
5,Perfect product under this price you can go for it
5,"Best in market. If you are a entry-level gamer or want to learn editing, animations you must go for it. No lag, no display issues or any other problems. If you have a tough budget and you want a best gaming laptop with best experience you must go for it. And the tgp is 70W max."
5,"Awesome laptop using it for my office work.
1. Build quality is good
2. Battery lasts 2 hrs
3. Display is good but can be improved.
4. RTX 2050 performs well."
5,Its a good product and value for money.
5,"It's really best pc for content creators , business development,work professionals"
5,"PERFORMANCE wise the laptop is really beast , battery backup is also good when you use the laptop in 60 hz . Display quality is also fantastic because laptop comes with 300 nits . But due to a 16 inch laptop it look so big and you can face wobby challenges in starting days .
Overall this laptop is very good and really value for money ."
5,Very good performance🤘
5,Great laptop but no keyboard backlight
5,"Performance is good but in some games there is cpu bottleneck can you tell how to fix

Others are good"
5,The only problem i faced is the number of USB ports it provides and according to the price it's more than perfect gaming laptop.
5,"100% full charge is giving 3hours of continuous video play, Coding working morethan 4 hours, such a wonderful product I received, thank you flipkart."
5,"After using it for a week,
Display is extremely good.
Sound is better if you customise(All bars up) in Dolby access.
Able to play cricket 22, gta 5, valorant seamlessly in medium settings. 60 FPS is max for laptop for any games.
Cooling technology is better in laptop while playing games.
Battery drains fast while gaming. For normal usage, you can expect 6-8 hrs.
Build quality is good.
Overall 4.5/5"
5,"Great performance.
Value for money.
Excellent for coding.
Best for casual gaming.
Good for professional gaming.
Since I'm min 5years experienced in react development . Still I've purchased this for coding."
5,I just wanted to summarise my feedback in one word is Excellent. Don't think a lot. It has everything what you need. Just go far it 🙌😊🥳
5,Exllent laptop under 60k
5,Perfect laptop for casual use
5,"Good Build quality
Battery back up 6-7 hours during normal use.
Fast response
You can see how good the display is...
In this price range , the best laptop in my opinion.."
5,The laptop is very good and the screen is also fantastic. It is working pretty well.
5,"I bought this laptop for 61k , value for money at this price."
5,Great looks very sleek and powerful overall great value for money.
5,"I am posting this review after 2 weeks of usage , I got this for 40k with offer, value for money product, No heating issues , Battery Draining is fast because of 144Hz refresh rate otherwise everything is good."
5,"Great product,Value for money"
5,"The laptop has got sturdy built and fairly good performance. It is also at par with similar specs laptops, the deal price which we got was cherry on the cake."
5,Masterpiece
5,Very Good Performance
5,"Really great value for money,

Since it has the H-Series process that's why it's having a little bit of a heating issue and a bit power hungry.

Don't use it while it is on charging, otherwise the upper left corner will heat up like anything."
5,"I purchased it under 50k with some coupon code and extra discount, in this price it is very good. Display is great, well design also. Value for money. You can go blindly for it without any hesitation"
5,Premium laptop at affordable rate.Got it for 46k after exchange offer and bank discount.Laptop display is awesome. But there is some heating issue.Heavy users must buy Coolpad.Perfomance is good at this price range.
5,"Weight: LIGHT as compare to other
Display: nice to see HD FILMS
Launch time: it's ok less than a minute.
Speaker: sound is good as compare to other laptop.
Battery life : more than a 2 hours
Screen Can not fold 180degree."
5,"A little Heating Issue, But Still worth the Price! 5 Star ⭐"
5,"Looks soo premium and best performance, best fir the students"
5,"Best Laptop , Laptop Display is Outstanding , Build Quality is Excellent. Got it 57000. recommended to all having a budget near this."
5,Best Product
5,Heating Problem during Charging Very Overall it's very Good and Adaptor is heating or Laptop Also
5,"**Pros**
- Best performance
- Best display quality
- Battery backup typically lasts 4 to 5 hours
- Ideal for office , coding , daily use and normal gameing
- fast charging with 2 type c port
- backlit keyboard with light
-fingerprint sensor and all Port available
-metal build

**Cons**
- Display size is 14 inches
- The laptop heats up while charging
- Not suitable for gaming"
5,"This is the best laptop in the price rate of Rs. 65k. Best performance, best battery backup, best display, best design"
5,Product very nice
5,Great machine
5,This product is wonderful and worth of money
5,"Well this is a very good find at the price of 65k.
It's an all-rounder laptop but it will more suitable for college or professional and daily office works ."
5,Good laptop under budget.. good for coding
5,"I got the deal for 60K in sale and I took it. 13500H is smooth. Get everything done with this awesome processor with 65W TWP we can expect battery performance will be less than P and U processors considering the performance. This is not gaming processor FYI. It is for productivity and multitasking. It fairly gets hot while doing tasks due to the processor. Don't forget the IR camera works face unlock even at night time. Works like Intel evo certified with instant wake when you open the lid. 6...
READ MORE"
5,Wall done Lenovo just wow nice picture quality is to good wall done thanks you Flipkart
5,"Overall, it is alrounder laptop with great features."
5,Fine
5,Go for it🤞🤞🤞🤞
5,"I am giving this review after using it for 3months now..! This is the best laptop i ever had ..! Its a multi purpse laptop you can use it for personal , business , or day to day activity work..! It is superfast and have some amazing features to it..! 5-6secs to power up.. backlit keyboard and a very good battery life and its 65w charger charges the laptop super fast durable built quality as well .. its feel worth to buy this laptop..! Lenovo is such a trustworthy brand for me went it comes to...
READ MORE"
5,"Fantastic product at a competitive price.
Performance is top notch. I doubted about processor performance as it is just I5. But after using several months I realised latest generation 13th gen I5 is much more powerful than some old and even latest generation I7."
5,"This Product is Amazing...!
I Just luv thissss..."
5,"Super product in this price under 50k.
With i7 is more rare with branded asus.
Display is awesome. There is no compromise. Within 10sec it get started. I feel proud to use i7 processor. when compared to others they are using i5. i7 is very costlier but it is great chance to buy the laptop there is no need to compromise."
5,Excellent good fast....
5,Very nice laptop working very smoothly battery backup is very good word excel and PowerPoint already given windows 11 pre installed very nice for study coding AutoCAD and also professional works everybody can purchase this laptop this is a very nice laptop in this price buy without any hesitation.
5,"Good quality, nice product 👍"
5,Good Quality product for the price only missing is a back lit keyboard
5,✌🏻good experience
5,"Sound Quality Very Clear And Performance Superb

Battery 🔋 Normal Use 5-6 hours normaly use display quality awesome thanks Acer Choromebook Plus"
5,Best performance this laptop but not use window
5,"Good for students but display quality not good
But overall value for money"
5,"An amazing laptop with a fresh operating system. The battery life is amazing and it makes the laptop truly portable.
Display is very good with high brightness capabilities. Does not get even warm in regular use.
This Chromebook is very well suited for light work like browsing and stuff. I am so happy with the purchase overall."
5,I'm getting more then 7 hour battery backup from my chromebook. I'm using this chromebook from one week.
5,Nice product and service very good facilities
5,Very nice i like it just go for it tq u flikcart team n so fast delivery..... I didn't expect that much fast..... N nice laptop i like it
5,"The product is good now let's see how will it go far.
Display quality is poor.Battery performance is good"
5,At this price range it's too good
5,Best product and good rates
5,Product is actually worth it. I am giving 5 star after using 3 month .Best in every
5,No Complaints till now.. using since 4 months.. good performance..
5,"Awesome
The laptop is very good and value for money at this price."
5,Supar quality I like this HP
5,Unbelievable battery backup
5,Very nice 👍🏻👍🏻
5,Good and reliable
5,Good for me
5,"Battery 3/5
Performance 4/5
Design 4/5
Camera 2/5

Overall a good laptop for students."
5,"Product is good.
Proforma is batter
Battery back up is nice
All over nice but
Display quality is not excellent"
5,The product is very good but the level of battery life is very weak 🥲🥺
5,"5/5 Star because it is very good for small everyday use.
You can use multimedia flawlessly.
Majour demerits is that storage capacity but 256 GB SSD is enough for running windows, you can put an external hard drive for better storage."
5,Amazing experience with this product recommend to buy in this price ☺️
5,Performance wise it's a brilliant device. Been using it for 2 weeks now and am happy with the purchase.
5,Great product with great feel . Delivery was awesome
5,"As expected. Was good. My first laptop. Careful of the vents near the screen as mentioned below in the image. Speed is good, battery is good. It's a great laptop at this price. I got it at 53k,so I'd say it's worth. Battery now lasted 6 hrs of heavy usage like installation process, online class, set up, basic surf, etc."
5,"Display - 10 on 10
Performances - 9 out of 10
battery backup - 5 out of 10
charging speed - 8 out of 10
heat management - 7 out of 10

in this laptop every thing is top notch but battery backup little bit lower than company claim."
5,Excellent Product Great Display.
5,"Overall is good 👍 battery 🔋 backup is good
But according to some heat issue's"
5,"Excellent product
No heating issue till 3,4 hrs continue moderate uses
Excellent display quality
Smoth running
14 inch perfect size for use looking premium
Good battery backup"
5,"I have bought this laptop for my college use as I am a cse student. I bought this laptop because it is a professional laptop like mac and the performance is great with a nice battery backup (more than those of gaming laptops) using the laptop gives a premium feel, display is great and you don't get tired working on it. Great deal for people who do not want gaming laptop but a professional laptop for their work...."
5,"I love the laptop overall performanc, display is the beauty and life of this laptop.sound is also good and I didn't expect sound to be that good.Its value for money and I love it.
I have faced some heating issues at the start while it was charging and I was updating the laptop and after that there is no such heating.Dont work while laptop is charging and buy a laptop stand so the laptop is lifted and there is air passing through.
The only problem I faced is that track pad has some flex to it ...
READ MORE"
5,Nice Product 😃
5,Good laptop with decent battery backy
5,"It is a great product at 52k. I am loving it, specially the display and over all design. Processor is good, battery is enough for day to day use , you can get 12+ hours by using all saver options, sound is average but could have been better but u can optimize in dts app. Overall value for money. Just go for it"
5,The Acer Swift Go 14 Laptop is a slim and beautiful Laptop and it comes with a powerful full professor with vivid Display.
5,Most powerful product under budget and value for money
5,"BEST in the segment, super OLED display, EVO certified, DDR5 RAM. H series Processor.

Best for office use and entertainment, BEST DISPLAY, good blacks and smoothness."
5,Apart from the battery everything is excellent.
5,Value for money products. Very very gorgeous and immersive display.
5,Awesome product in this price range
5,"Laptop is osm and all features good😊😊
Thanks for Flipkart 👍"
5,Very Good Laptop For Small Business And Students
5,Good laptop for traders and students
5,Nice 👌 product 👍👍👌👍
5,"ONE NUMBER CHIJJ
SUB LEVO
GOOD"
5,amazing product
5,"Writing this review after one month.
I brought this laptop to learn coding and this does the job without any issue till now.
everything is fine except the viewing angle of the screen, it could have been better but considering the perfomance and battery it's ok."
5,Overall best product at this price
5,"Gorgeous display and 4k video 60 fps playing like butter smooth.
Everything looks crystal clear and sharp.
Loved this laptop❤️"
5,10-Oct
5,"I have been using the Acer Swift Go 14 with the Intel i5 13th Gen processor for a month now, and I am thoroughly impressed! This laptop strikes the perfect balance between performance and portability, making it ideal for both work and entertainment.

Performance: The 13th Gen i5 processor handles everything multitasking, running heavy applications, or even casual gaming. The speed and responsiveness are top-notch, making my daily tasks seamless.

Display: The 14-inch display is bright, vibran...
READ MORE"
5,"Best pc in the price range, excellent performance and display. Smooth experience in heavy work."
5,"Value for money
To the people who are talking about heating issue, it is just how do you put the laptop blocking its down fans. Use a laptop raiser."
5,"acer Swift go14 laptop best product
55k 60k price.. Best in segments...
performance Intel core 13500H prosesor
OLED Display
fast charging ... battery backup good"
5,Good working laptop superb quality value of money tq flipcart
5,This price points this laptop is best
5,This is so setisfy for me
5,Nice all are fine good products
5,Nice product nothing any problems in performance. But antivirus expired. Net surfing nice. Ms office work properly.
5,Most incredible
5,Nice product For affordable price..
5,Nice product THANKS FLIPKART love you
5,Value for money awesome product just go for it
5,good delivery and thank for flipkart
5,Nice laptop for daily work in budget price
5,Thanku flipcart
5,"Every thing is good, display is not good"
5,"Used only for one day. Flipkart exchange and delivery was good for me. So far so good laptop as per performance wise. Will update further later on. For me it's value for money as it has inbuilt 1 tb ssd, because at present minimum 1 tb storage is mandatory which is missing from most of the laptops. It's boot time is only 10 seconds."
5,Nice product at this price
5,"Nice 👍...
Good deal- 43300/-..
Performance - 5
Looking - 5
Battery - 4
Display - 3"
5,Very smooth running laptop. Good performance
5,excellent product..
5,Superb.. Booting time is 10-12 seconds. Very smooth Laptop. Must Buy..
5,"Excellent product, quick delivery Flipkart, keep it up"
5,The laptop is great but not received the product brochure. It will be helpful to operate the laptop better
5,Very nice Laptop. No lagging. Weightless and worthy laptop
5,Its a very nice product. Value for money
5,"It's good...but after 30mins it will heat
Remaining all r excellent 👌"
5,"DISPLAY - Best Best Best 10 out of 5
Battery - I have seen 3 movies back to back and battery comes 19% from 100% , 3 movies screening time- almost 8hrs ..
Weight- very light, you can handle it using only one hand.
Look - very good ... 👍 decent..
Performance- as a 7days user of this laptop ,, this is very fast, i do python coding from anaconda platform, and no lagging, no slow..

Few things i also want to share ---
1. One Cooling fan is just infront of the screen, so screen becomes hit e...
READ MORE"
5,"Premium feel,with licensed window 11 and office 2021 lifetime. Real feel proud to buy this laptop."
5,Overall value for money in this price range. There are some time heating issues but that only happens when on charging. Also lower display and set laptop performance to battery saving then there are no heating issues and very good for coding. I don't know about the gaming angle of this laptop. I only use this for coding and content consumption.
5,"The only downside of this laptop (after using it for 30 days):

1.speaker quality is superb, but the loudness is comparable to a phone speaker. (3 Stars for speakers)

2. Battery charging speed is excellent, but battery backup is not; even in balance mode, battery backup is around 6 hr+ (due to the laptop resolution being too high (2880x1800). If you use this laptop at 1920x1200 resolution, you may easily get 8 hr+ of battery life. (4 Stars for battery life)

3.Slight heating (it's obviously ...
READ MORE"
5,Absolutely amazing laptop for this price point.The display is sooo cool.Battery is 5-6hr pretty decent I would say.Worth every single penny.Best laptop for students.
5,"Its been a week since I started using the laptop. Its very good , Light weight , Super fast finger Print , Display is great , Key board is great.


Lets come to main part of heating issue . Personally i did not experience any kind of heating issue . Not sure why others are facing it . I am very happy about it . Hence i consider the laptop as a great valie for money . Only issue is speaker which is below average"
5,"Such a great laptop. I got it for 52k after all card offers and additional discounts. The display is top notch, Performance is great, fingerprint is also fast, boot up time is also very less, speaker quality is decent, Battery backup is also good, Heats up because it is a complete aluminium body but it is good as heat is being dissipated, cooling fans works completely fine and runs at fast speed in case of heating."
5,Best laptop for student
5,"It's such a wonderful device. Metal build is very sturdy. i5 13500H processor, 512 GB SSD, 16GB DDR5 RAM makes Performance top notch. No heating issues. Heats slightly while charging but thats acceptable with 100 watt charging. Screen is OLED with HDR certification and FHD+ resolution and 90 Hz. Emits less blue light too (TUV Rheinland Certified). Colors are a bit boosted on the screen, will have to tune it slightly. The battery life goes for 5 to 6 Hours which is very fine for a laptop which...
READ MORE"
5,Good value for money
5,This product was amazing but display and camera not enough this price it has to much costly
5,"The product is good enough for light work, learning and handling small tasks. The best laptop in budget. I got it for somewhere around 25K during flipkart sale and of course it is more than worth. Only thing I miss is the good screen and backlight for keyboard. Apart from this you won't regret buying it"
5,Don't bother about display review in negative comments..just go for it..this is the beast
5,Got this for 25K and at this price it's a steal deal. The only thing I like less a bit is the screen quality. It's not as crisp as my earlier laptop
5,Best laptop for multitasking and daily use .
5,This price range product value for money..
5,"Nice laptop, value for money"
5,Product is most likely
5,Excellent Product.
5,Nice product and valueble
5,Just go for it. It's awesome in this price range✨
5,Very nice tq flip kart
5,Great 👍🏻
5,"Nice,,,after using 2 days
It's really fabulous
And easy my work"
5,Wow 😳😲😲😲
5,Mind blowing 🤯 products
5,"Best laptop with best dual core processor and all ,each and every thing is very good in the laptop, All features are latest I recommend everyone to buy
It has fingerprint also"
5,"Just Awesome laptop 💻
And value of money
I suggested you should buy this laptop"
5,"Excellent, Nice Product"
5,"Nice laptop it's completely value for money quality is awesome
I am using it from last 2 months it works smoothly and handle multitasking very easily such a great laptop by Lenovo
I gave it 4.5 star out of 5 ."
5,"I received this product...it's really amazing 😍..the design of this laptop is really awsm 🖤..I loved it
The colour is just looking like a wow💙"
5,"The product is very good as this my first laptop I can assure that for the budget it is the best in the market.
The only con that I have faced that is the battery I getting around 2.5hr on non stop gaming and 4.5 hr on normal usage that it but other wise it is the best.
A last thing plss buy a cooling pad because it heat a little."
5,It's a good Loptop
5,"Everything is good except few things.
1. Laptop is heating more than other laptop due to metal body only while charging.
2. Trackpad could me larger.
3. Loudness is okay but speaker quality can be improved.

Solution:
1.Update drivers and windows to the latest version.
2. Remove unused preloaded softwares like Mcafee antivirus, default microsoft apps, Acer software.

After going above steps, laptop is easy to use."
5,"Bought it on 19 June.
Using it for almost a month now...display is great... sometimes some apps create nuisance but that's ok as they are not well optimised.
Faces some issues in the beginning but now it's working smoothly.
A decent buy at 56990 rs.
Battery 5-6 hrs usually... display is awesome... charging speed is amazing but heating issue is only downside while charging...we can let it charge for 1 hr than it's best thing... beautiful machine."
5,"Best under this range.... working smoothly, no issue till now. As I read, battery is draining fast but I haven't gone through such issue yet. Heating is not much as mentioned in comments."
5,"Pros:
1. Screen is mindblowing.
2. Looks and feel premium.
3. Light weight.
4. Got 100w charger with it.

Cons:
1. Battery backup is avg 6-7 hrs in lite usage.
2. Laptop is getting hot when using with charger plugged."
5,"Good student laptop with basic gaming,video editing easily possible."
5,"I got this product 2 days ago and here's is my review
1. Display is the best part I liked it a lot superb oled
2. Performance i haven't checked it on its full capacity but its is 13500h which is very powerful
3. Design is good aluminium body

4. Battery its above avg 6 hrs screen on time it will give .

Overall i love this item."
5,"I'm using this laptop from the past couple of weeks and loving it day by day.

Pros: Fantastic display, outstanding performance, compact design, decent battery backup

Cons: Low sound output

I've used HP and Lenovo laptops in the past and I admit this laptop is way ahead in the league.

Go for it without a thought 👍"
5,Its a perfect value for money product. Has outstanding image quality super fast performance. Only one cons still noticeable is charger and pc heat up significantly while charging. Don't know whether it is really a problem or normal?
5,"One of the best laptop under 60k
Lastest RAM
Lastest CPU
Latest Bluetooth version
OSM camera quality
Last but not the least Best display just awesome 😎"
5,"Best product from Asus, charging is super fast and lights are amazing, overall best product in this price range 👍"
5,"Working very efficiently
Value of money
Good display
Battery health issues"
5,nice laptop battery health good.
5,This product is so good
5,"RAM 8 GB
SSD 512 GB
PRIVACY CAMERA SHUTTER
AVARAGE BULID QUALITY
GAMING PERFORMANCE GOOD
DISPLAY - TN PANEL FULL HD
NO HEATING ISSUE"
5,Laptop is a best for all parpose
5,Product is good 👍
5,"Overall good purchase got only in 20k ,
Battery is good, Performance is average, display is awesome, display is wobbling under if you're sitting near fan"
5,Good product 👍👍
5,All are ok but it need battery time will increase
5,Bet laptop in this price
5,Satisfied with the performance and battery backup
5,"Thank you very much Flipkart for the adorable Summer Offer.. without your offer I think it will not be possible for me to buy, thank you very much 💕 🙏 💕
Asus Vivobook is awesome under 30k 🤗😍🥰
Everything is Marvelous,
Please avoid negative comments especially for Display, Display is good."
5,Writing the review after using 1 months . No problem till now and works very well for normal usage not for gaming. If you use for normal usage and educational purposes then go for it.
5,Best Trading Laptop.👍
5,Value for Money Product
5,Best product at looking very thin nice working below 30000 I loved it great product thank you flipkart
5,"Every thing is excellent ,I got it in amazing discount and card offer .Display is nice only having issue with viewing angles....because there is no IPS Display ,it has FULL HD Pannel."
5,"Very amazing Laptop at this price.
I love it ...."
5,"Battery backup is like
Max 6 hour"
5,This product has been working good so far
5,"I Purchased this laptop under 40k 💴💸

And this price range laptop is excellent 👌
Build Quality is Plastic but Good Material Use 🪣
Display Quality is also Average 😎
Battery backup🔋 5-6 Hrs in Normal Use
Processer Is Fast And responsive 💯

Overall Is Good Laptop under 40k
For students and office work

Thank You 😊"
5,"Excellent, It's super fast and has the best stylish design"
5,"Best laptop for coding and day to day usage
Performance is too good
Build quality is awesome
Fast charger is good
Battery backup more than 5 hours
Sound quality is good
Only thing backlit keyboard is missing
Overall good product"
5,Good and Efficient product.
5,Awesome 👍 small but good
5,"At a first lool its look premium laptop and when i pickup in hand is so light weight that i can take in one hand..
Performance is great no issue"
5,Very sleek and good performance. Got this for 61k. Value buy.
5,"Monster Performance !!

Pros:

Powerful CPU: Equipped with the Intel i9-13980HX, providing exceptional performance for demanding tasks.
Good GPU: The RTX 4060 is excellent for gaming and productivity applications.
Cooler Boost 5: One of the best thermal solutions, keeping the laptop cool during heavy workloads.
Ample RAM: 32 GB of RAM is sufficient for most tasks, including multitasking and resource-heavy applications.
Comprehensive Connectivity: Includes all essential ports and features for ...
READ MORE"
5,"Such a amazing laptop for a this price but I was facing a problem for delivery 🚚 boy are not good but overall product is awesome battery is amazing sound quality, display even every thing is osm if any one chose this product I suggest this laptop thanku Flipkart 😍 FLIPKART your delivery partner is bad he have a no manner to talk way of talking is so bad I think so Many guys are facing this problem so short out this problem but overall all I love this product"
5,Very sleek and light weight....
5,Awesome product.. however speakers could have been louder..
5,Awesome design. Prompt delivery. Value for money
5,"Product was awesome, light weight, Good picture Quality.
Need to see the performance and Battery after usage of while.I loved this"
5,"I liked the laptop. It's slim and very light weight and performance is upto the mark.
No complaints regarding anything but I personally don't like the quality of the camera."
5,Display quality is very very good and light weight suitable for those who carry laptop daily best in performance using engineering software no issue till now
5,All the people who are only talking just about cons are not looking at the price point. At 55K with offers it is a bang for the buck. Go for it if you get it below 60k.
5,Great for official work
5,"Best for side work
All good"
5,Nice product 🤗
5,Superb for students and better computing option for working people. I simply love it after a week's heavy usage! Go for it.
5,"A value for money chromebook, with a decent enough configuration.

There is sw update support till 2033 or so. With 8 GB Ram and 256GB SSD, it should last for that period, for those who use this mainly as consumers.

For a student on computer science course, this can do for the most part except for heavy GPGPU or NPUGPU stuff.

For those who create stuff be it coding or multimedia, this can be used in a pinch, if needed, but ideally a more powerful configuration will be better."
5,Good quality
5,Great 👍
5,Super obsiloutely laptop charging slowly
5,"Great VFM product, great battery and design. No backlit display is a miss."
5,It's just awesome...speed is good and nice..good product
5,Lovs this products
5,Good purchase
5,"Super product
Delivery was delayed
Packing is poor"
5,"Oh what a dream item!!
Value the money
Great Battery
Sleek design
Portable size

Finally the light weight is just cherry on top😍"
5,Amazing laptop with great performance
5,Superb performance
5,A good product. Totally worth it. And its super light weight and design is astonishing.
5,"Product by hp pavilion is always great but this time it is more powerful with compact size. Display is too brighter.
Battery backup for normal user the whole day running."
5,"If you want a top notch display clarity and lighting fast boot speed then go for it. Power is also good in it. I like this product..All my professional software (Aspen , Solid works ,Chem Cad , DWSIM) runs smooth in it. Sound is also good as compared to other laptops..Loud enough. Go for it if you are professional graphic designer.."
5,Nice light wi8 laptop for business users
5,"easy to carry, good performance"
5,"using this laptop from past 8-9 days
Battery :-4/5
performance:-5/5
display :-5/5
keyboard :- 4/5
look :- 5/5"
5,"The laptop is really good with regards to performance & design. The only area of concern is the build quality. The laptop is very delicate and if not handled as a very fragile object, there are bound to be some physical damages. This is not something that's expected of a HP laptop, as HP laptops are known for their build quality and sturdiness...."
5,"It's very high performance than other,
Display quality: awesome 👌👌
Battery backup: Good
Value of money: good product & i recomend these product for better performance."
5,Overall a good product but try to get this for around 40k or below in some good deals or sale.
5,"Quick start. Screen brightness good. Nice loud sound. Free ms office. Good for routine office work, kids online classes, light gaming."
5,Nice product in hp butiful looking in lap and more exnadary perform in lap ray5 most of the value for bay and warth
5,"Writing this after 3 months of usage.

I bought this after a lot of search, now this is the best. with DDR5 it is super fast and impressive
Good for coding, editing and daily use. There is no laptop with DDR5 that comes under this price range. I'm very happy with this laptop.
With heavy work the battery can stand for 4 to 6hrs
It does everything."
5,"The laptop works very well and I have bought this laptop by seeing the best specs and the laptop is worth it. The processor is core i5 1335u not 1355u. And the 16:10 display is immersive. Also good because it is upgradable up to 64GB RAM and 4TB SSD. It has all necessary slots including RJ45.
BEST FOR CODING AND ENTERTAINMENT."
5,"Lenevo laptop is good so far, but battery backup is very poor. It drains within max of 3 hours. Display is good but sound is ok. Overall this laptop is good for normal use."
5,"I have been using it for 1 month.. till now its a 🔥.. 6 seconds for starting, around 5 seconds to shutdown. One thing is that, it is not a gaming laptop. But also can play low graphics game like Euro truck simulator 2, ATS etc.. these games work in this laptop in ultra graphics without any lag.. and I got around 8 hours of battery backup."
5,Hp I core 3 laptop is suitable for office work and home work
5,Its value for money product nice processor
5,Nice laptop 💻
5,Normal used it's good
5,"Display not good ,and everything also good I bought it 35600 , please improve display quality"
5,Good and value for money 🤑💰
5,Very very good producttt
5,i have written this review after 1 month of using this laptop i recommend all of you to buy this laptop because it easily plays gta 5 and also done all the work
5,Best in this price range. Behatareen...
5,One of the best product value of the money
5,Very good laptop.. very fast delivery by Flipkart..
5,Excellent Laptop. Blazing Fast.
5,Very good .. satisfied 😁😀
5,Very gud design ....i loved this laptop..
5,"Very good product...
proccesing, multitasking, playing game and much more is convenient as well as so fast...
I like the product...
Thanks to flipkart...."
5,Everything is good in this laptop the only problem is the heating problem it heat fastly
5,Best laptop for programing
5,Awsome
5,it was excellent product and it perfamence was good it is usefui for office and students
5,Very very very good product at this price range...... Best value for money laptop in my point of view
5,Best laptop according to price
5,Awesome but blacklight keyboard one missing
5,It's really good product value for money...
5,"If you're in the market for:
1. OLED screen
2. Ultra processor with NL
3. 2 in 1 laptop with pen
4. Co pilot built in

Look no further as this is the best one out there. Have compared Asus/Lenovo/Acer/Dell/Microsoft and most others, key difference here is the screen is way brighter in nits compared to the rest plus you can use it as a tablet by flipping it."
5,Happy with the product
5,Very nice ☺️ congratulations 👏🎉 Life Achievement 👏
5,Awesome Product... Battery Backup should have been better...Thank you flipkart...
5,Good as expected
5,thanx
5,This is a great laptop but you should increase graphics
5,"Moderate laptop, amazing ips display, performance is great. 1 year old model still configuration at its best ,because this year hp new models comes with sva display."
5,Good product....&it have 3200rpm ram speed not 2666...which is good
5,"After using the laptop for 10 days. My observations

Power backup 4hrs
High booting speed ( 2 seconds to switch on time )
Great Video Resolution ( 4K ) Display
Sound quality bit needs to be improved but Yes considerable
Charging time : 1.5 hr
Type C port is a add on feature
Webcam is quite good but dont expect a HD camera under this price range

Over all its a great experience using this laptop..so classic looks and beaten the industry in this segment👌👌👌"
5,I'm way to impressed by the performance of this laptop. It's been a month and it's amazingly fast and superb. I played free fire on bluestacks constantly for 6 to 8 hours with higher settings and it was really great. Would love to suggest everyone to go for it.
5,"Battery backup is very good, performance also good and light we"
5,"Very nice and smooth working

It too much better for students"
5,Amazing the product was superb thanku Flipcart smooth touch and best features long lasting battery backup ❣️ valuable for money u now buy this hp laptop
5,Its awesome itom from hp😘
5,Its been 2 years i purchased this laptop. It works perfectly. No lagging at all. You are opting for this laptop go for it without hesitation.
5,"Very good laptop at this price range.. performance, display, design all are nice..but battery backup is slightly less but on the whole a very neat and good laptop.."
5,Good as per price
5,Good product..over all super
5,The best configuration that you can get at this price range.
5,"My review after 1 month of usage. Really amazing performance good battery back up also, I got 6 hr in normal and 4.5 hr in wifi"
5,"Its a very good laptop,i like it"
5,This is a very good laptop in best price
5,super
5,This is the most valuable laptop in this price segment and Asus is one the most trusted brands . It has a 45 w charger which really charges up the laptop very fast. Its display quality is very good in this segment. I will suggest everyone to buy this laptop in this price range.
5,Best laptop very good performance 5/5 u can buy it i m happy thnks Flipkart
5,"Lap is comes with very good quality built and design also, smooth performance with all keys, value for money this is my first lap feeling very happy, purchased in sale it's 31k with offers, only sad thing is backlit keyboard not available, if ur student or office work, just go for it"
5,Good quality. Light weight and easy to carry every where.💻👍🏻
5,Great product if you purchase it at the right price😁
5,"Performance is to Good, under 40K is Very Very Good Product... 😊 Thank you Flipcart 🇮🇳"
5,Very glorious product for middle range
5,Good...
5,Excellent product and value for money..Awesome display looks like premium quality nice design.
5,Very nice product and working is good
5,Strongly recommend. Very smooth experience.
5,Nice product. 👍
5,Writing this review after one year use. It's just a wonderful laptop. Please go with it.
5,Product Good but Packaging very poor
5,Best laptop under 40k prize
5,Very nice 👌
5,Good laptop under 40k
5,Great 👍👍👍 I recommend
5,Best laptop and battery backup also good for 3 to 4 hours
5,"First of all if I talk about performance then I will give 100% score because it is a complete package with an i7 12th gen, 1TB nvme SSD. The look is pretty decent I would say. The keyboard and mouse pad are also good.
One more thing is that, the heating problem. Yes of course it has a heating problem because it's a 14 inch laptop and your laptop ventilation is on the back Better if you use a laptop stand to overcome it.
It is a light-weight laptop. That is also a significant work from HP. ...
READ MORE"
5,Classy. Fast. Costly. Bending angle could have been 180 degrees for this price. Rest ok.
5,Very nice packing and the product too.the price is also good
5,"Nice product, outstanding performance 👏"
5,Reviewing after using it for 1year.... It works really well
5,"Nice laptop , Design are very nice, best performance
Good work , Thanks Flipcart ❤️"
5,It's not a bad Good worth for money I'm using every day for 4 you're battery backup also good
5,Best item
5,Beautiful 😍 Prodoct 😍
5,Value for money..best buy in this price range
5,"Super 👍😊
This is the good product ☺️"
5,"It is awesome product in this budget
Only there is no backlit keyboard"
5,"Battery backup is so good, 8 hours on normal usage, Fast charging, Display quality looks LCD but viewing angles are good on medium to high brightness level, No heating issues, Coding runs smoothly. It comes with MS office student Version 2021 with lifetime validity, Laptop gives Premium feel, excellent keyboard quality but just one con is No backlit keyboard given. Otherwise everything is fine... Happy with Purchase"
5,Value of money a very good laptop
5,Nice thin and sleek laptop
5,Nice laptop.
5,It's worth to buy if you are getting this near 47000 because you can't get a better laptop than this in this price range
5,Great entry level laptop for Students
5,Overall! Good product value for money
5,Good product according to expectation
5,As expected. Small and thin. Fast and efficient processor. Value for money product.
5,Best at its price.. all good so far👍👍.
5,Nice experience shop with flipkart
5,Product is very good. useful for me.
5,"GREAT PERFORMANCE,SNAPPY, WONDERFUL BATTERY LIFE BECAUSE OPF RYZEN 3 7320U
SCREEN QUALITY IS AVG.
BUT SINCE IT COMES WITH MS OFFICE 2021 ITS ABLE TO GET THE BASIC JOBS OF OFFICE AND NORMAL USE NICELY.
VERY GOOD CHOICE UNDER 32K IF OFFER IS AVAILABLE."
5,Best laptop for students
5,Who comments just above about display or something... Don't believe them.. this laptop is beast..
5,Nice laptop.. Under 40000 thousands budget... Go for it
5,"Laptop is best value for money
Performance is fabulous
Design is good
Must buy"
5,Awesome product go for it...🥰
5,Value for money...The Ryzen 7000 series chipset is very light and fast... For students and light Office work it is best at this price.
5,"The laptop is good for Students and the office.and can playable entry level games..

It is better than the 12th generation Intel core i3.

Because it's more efficient and less heat means it gives more performance. Then real world experience..

It also comes Micron LDDR5 @5500mhz , Intel SSD @512 gb and also 42wh li-po battery by Asus.
It's handling tasks very well..

# recommend for light gaming, editing, office work and students...

#buld quality also good for price.."
5,Budget best laptop.
5,I like the product thnku flipkrt
5,The product is Awesome
5,Outstanding.. Hp
5,Gift for loved one
5,Good One
5,Ya nice happy
5,HP products is really excellent and running smoothly.
5,"Super laptop in this budget
Super performance and very user friendly"
5,Best laptop for students because of its performance is good. I suggest to buy it.
5,Very good performance
5,"Compact laptop, 14 inch is perfect to carry around especially for students.
Great screen and good build quality.
Fully recommend for someone looking in a tight budget."
5,"- I recently purchased an ACER laptop and couldn't have imagined finding such an impressive product at this price point.
- This laptop stands out as one of the best options for professional users with basic usage needs.
- The appearance is strikingly premium, with a sturdy build quality comparable to HP laptops in the 80k range.
- The ACER laptop exudes a sense of luxury with its super premium design.
- One of the most impressive features is its USB-C charger, a convenience typically found in...
READ MORE"
5,"I have the following observations for this laptop.
1. Great build quality and design.
2. Fast and Lag free working experience with only a few second boot time.
3. Long battery life.
4. Type-C charger which could be used to charge phone as well as this laptop.
5. Lightweight and portable.
6. No heating AFTER UPDATE.
7. Sounds will do just fine, to boost up more sound download and install FxSound.
8. Upgradable RAM and SSD.

A few remarks:
1. Doesn't have backlight keyboard (which I already kne...
READ MORE"
5,"Everything is great apart from the speaker.
But overall built quality, performance and finish is exceptional for the price offered.
Combined with 3 year insurance from Flipkart (paid), it's a steal"
5,A wonderful laptop..
5,Very lightweight and spee
5,"So super performance design and value for money I love it , I like it❤️❤️"
5,"I purchased this laptop for business purposes. Previously I was using an hp laptop i5 g840 g3 and now switched into this laptop as it was recommended by my brother in law. So overall this laptop is very good in terms of performance like it is ultra butter performance I love it very much and I love to work into this laptop so smooth I loved it and now coming to heating part see I noticed one thing if you use this laptop on your leg and pillow you will feel heat into the laptop please note I us...
READ MORE"
5,Good product in under 40k
5,Best purchase ever I got it in 35000 in offer. Just wait for offer and buy it . Bros this laptop is future proof becoz u can expand storage and ram. Best recommendation for students. Dear students don't go for a tab rather buy this.
5,"This is Value for money, specially the battery backup is amazing."
5,"Value for money
Best laptop"
5,Best laptop for this price range thanx BBD
5,"This is my first laptop and purchasing online by flipkart. I love it. Look very decent , I'm so happy.
Everything is perfect.
👍👍"
5,Very nice product 💫💫
5,"Very Nice product, liked it very much , very fast , Battery life is good and speed of processing is also nice , Value worth...."
5,I am happy for this product and Flipkart survice is best so I am happy to Flipkart survice overall this product is best to me
5,So far a great experience. It's light weight. Display quality is good. Backlit keyboard would have made it even better. But a decent product.
5,Laptop is awesome... run smoothly... performance is best
5,Mast and I have been working on the same for the last few months and
5,Must buy.. good battery life..nice look..
5,Nice! Fulfilled my requirements.
5,The product is very good
5,Great for daily uses
5,"Excellent laptop. Compact and light weight.. I was afraid about the negative reviews posted. But the laptop is awesome..fantastic display, good sound clarity, good performance. It's very suitable for students and working people. One problem is that the battery drains slightly more, but if we decrease the base speed this issue can be resolved..

Any ways thank you flipkart and hp..

After nearly one month of use:- The laptop battery issues have been resolved, hp gave a bios update which reduc...
READ MORE"
5,"Excellent
i recommend to purchase this product
super fast processing"
5,"This laptop is very good, its display and quality is very good, and it runs very smooth I thank both hp and flipakrt a lot, I am a student of IIIT and my suggestion is That this laptop is very beautiful for IT student"
5,Product actually good but battery performance is note good
5,"Just go for it !
Battery 5/5
Display 5/5
Performance 5/5
Sound 4/5
Build 4/5
It's not for heavy gaming purpose but you can play casual games😉"
5,"I was searching for a good laptop and not able to take decision on laptops. Finally, I found good laptop. Which is working so fantastic after using it 1 week.
you will not get i9 laptop in this range"
5,"Awesome product 👏🥰
Light and thin
Aur performance is so good 👍😊"
5,Working fine
5,its totally value for money. excellent product.
5,"Overall Good Product
Go For It' 👍"
5,Tq i love you 💕 Flipkart
5,"Very good Dell product। It's nice working
Beautiful colour platinum thin and light laptop।
Best Laptop।"
5,Good product 👍😁
5,Very good looking and performing good 👍
5,"This laptop is very good for the money, the design is very good."
5,Good product... I like it...!
5,Best product 😉 I am very happy
5,"over all this laptop good performance
fast opareting 👍
key board ok
clock speed ok starting up 2.8ghz
processor build very good ryzen 5 7000 series
display ok (not ips) britness level 250 nits
cemara ok HD 720p
input and output pin very attractive design
essay to run c++ java matlab python 👍👍👍
over all' this laptop beutiful design
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍"
5,"Product is 👍
I will review after using 1 month"
5,",, good"
5,Best Laptop
5,"HP Best Laptop Company 😊😊😊👍
Value for money 💰💰💰💰"
5,"Value for money , display is good I liked it"
5,I like it it's product it's so good
5,Thanks Flipkart s
5,"Very nice laptop, for coding it is the best laptop"
5,"Awesome laptop and high performance, iam happy"
5,Good laptop for students. 👍👍
5,Super value for money
5,I Love this Laptop ❤️
5,Super Very good and beautiful branded thanks fk
5,Spectacular 👌
5,"Laptop is decent...for daily use its very comfortable, display needs to be some what better, colours are not that vibrant but for daily use we don't get any discomfort, touch pad needs to be some what bigger, sound quality from speakers are very loud and clear, battery back up around 4 hours for heavy use for light use it is around 6hours, excellent in performance.
Pros:
Performance
Sound quality from speakers
Display also good for daily usage
Premium Design And looks
HP service center avail...
READ MORE"
5,"I am happy for this product and filipkart sarvice is best so I am happy to filipkart sarvice overall this product is best to me , very good performance"
5,First time display was not working I faced issue. But Thanks team. I got replacement so this time it is very good. Nice product..
5,HP Hai Best 🔥🔥
5,"Pros

Good quality
MS office
Display
Price

Cons
Battery backup 😭
Few hours"
5,Good product value for money no need to wait for and buy
5,Overall nice product for home and students
5,"As expected the product is and happy with Flipkart delivery for getting the laptop before given timeline ,and looking good the laptop i hope it will fulfill my expectation as well"
5,It’s a good product for daily normal work
5,"Good product best features for this price range and best performance, display quality, thin and light weight laptop it's comfortable for me"
5,This Laptop is best for office work and decent gaming and i play gta 5 it got 40 to 50 fps
5,"Happy with the services provided by Flipkart
Laptop works smooth and very light weight easy to carry, you can purchase it without any hassle"
5,Very Nice Product❤
5,Best in the market 🎯
5,"Overall product is good.

Display:- 3
Battery : 4.7
Performance: 4
Design: 4.2

For students it is good product and they use many varieties of software development apps and they use codings.

Gaming: 4
You can do minimal gaming in this laptop."
5,I don't why people give rating for display as worst for this laptop...myself the laptop display is best and I will give rating as 5 out of 5😍 for display.The laptop display is specially designed for humans eye care...avoid unwanted comments if u r office worker then must buy this laptop.... Review after 2 days
5,Very good.....
5,Amazing performance
5,Lovely
5,The Slightly Battery issue is there but it's okay because the processor is heavy and that is fine.
5,"Its really good Laptop and very excited to purchase it, I love it, thanks seller"
5,Nice but function are slowly down
5,The product is very good.. it's lookis and performance also
5,This is my first laptop ….design is so nice and audio quality is outstanding other than this is most value for money product if u consider 256 gb
5,Giving review after 6 month of use. Laptop is working very fine. No issue created in last six month. Doesn't Hang. I didn't play Games. But you can also play games like GTA etc. HP required only Battery performance improvement. It has around 4 hours of battery life. This is value for money Laptop. Before buying this I had so many doubts because it was my 1st Laptop. Now I just want to say that it will not disappoint you if you are looking for official or study purpose.
5,Nice to use
5,Amazing... I love it❤
5,Ok....
5,"Wonderful product by Hp.
Performance is good..
Battery performance is not as good as I have expected to...."
5,"Good laptop
good battery backup
good screen quality
simply buy this laptop under this range"
5,"Good design, good performance and very easy to handle because of 14 inch. Worth the money. Happy and satisfied with the product."
5,i am totally satisfied with product
5,Best for me
5,Fabulous........
5,Thanks Flipkart
5,"Smooth and perfect
Only hided thing is processor clock speed is 1.2Ghz."
5,Valu for money 🤑💰
5,"Just got mine today✌🏻. Great Laptop at this price bracket of 30k.
Pros-
1. Elegant design , looks premium and good sturdy product.
2. Display is quite good, colors are accurate and brightness is enough for home / office use.
3. Processor is great⚡️ and Ryzen has their own gaming mode pre installed. Good for medium spec games✌🏻 I downloaded GTA 5 and it gives me 40-50 fps in fhd medium graphics😍.
4. Battery is good, takes around 1 and a half hrs to get fully charged.
5. Camera is decent but...
READ MORE"
5,"Excellent performance, best laptop of HP.
Open and close times are very low, best design and light weight."
5,Good laptop to work with.
5,Battery is better than expected. Good build quality
5,"After first few days.. works like charm.. Flipkart
delivery was safe and secure!"
5,"Good performance, display is ok ok, sound is good overall good product 60"
5,It's good in this price 🙂
5,All awesome. But battery is getting drain faster 🥹🥹🥹🥹
5,Just perfect
5,"Working fine after 6 days!
A fine product which I bought for 29990.
Worth the price."
5,"Used from last 15 days, good one. Will review after 6 month of us"
5,Decent performance...
5,"Nice product, I have been using this laptop.purchase worthy in this price range"
5,Good One.. Working absolutely fine..
5,Awesome best of the best
5,This product is wow 😍
5,Budget Laptop or looks fantastic performance good and looking very smart and premium Quality and fast charging.... Value of money budget Laptop for students and normal office work...
5,"This is a great first laptop for students. I needed this for my online coaching and it does that work really well. It is very smooth and fast because of its SSD. Though it has Intel i3 10th gen its performance is very good. It can handle some games also like fortnite on 30 fps and other games on 60 fps. If you open 10-15 chrome tabs also it does not slow down. Aluminium body also really good quality! Really great buy, good value for money."
5,This product is good
5,"Purchased for attending interview, doing assignment and professional use.

In this config i3 12th gen 512 SSD, this model is better both config and price.

If you are ok with AMD Processor you can buy this, for my purpose I preferred both Intel and AMD."
5,"Value for Money, Excellent product"
5,"30k budget lo best laptop , only ms office purpose this is best laptop, I am using from last 3 days nice battery back up ..,"
5,Allmost better of around price
5,PRODUCT is perfect..... But product packaging is too bad of flipkart ... It needs to improve......but overall product value for money.... Buy it without thinking..... Thank you!!!!
5,All good battery backup 10 hour
5,Nice..... 😍
5,"The battery is not good otherwise value for money
Product quantity and experience is good"
5,Performance good but battery issue
5,Fabulous product
5,Actually looks wise old school type but excellent in performance wise plus battery 👌
5,This laptop is great everything works in it
5,"Very nice product
Thank you"
5,"Very late delivery from flipkart, apart from this everything is fantastic"
5,Fantastic laptop with amazing features at this prize range.
5,This is awesome..🙌 loved this laptop ❣️
5,"Value for money with window 11
For good performance opt 500ssd"
5,"Best Laptop At this Price

Very Fast Laptop I Love It"
5,Mind Blowing Purchase 😘😘
5,"Best budget laptop
Display and battery is well and good performance, almost 8hrs video playback comes to me at 70% brightness.
A little bit of heating is observed in continuously using, all over performance is super
Thank you Flipkart."
5,Very nice laptop light weight easy to lift
5,Best one for starting college students ❤️❤️loved it.
5,Nice prouct.value for mo.ney
5,Best Purchase
5,"Amazing product and Excellent performance, Stylish, weightless, Easy to handling. Very good product 😍😍."
5,"One of the best, stylish(cool), budget with performance laptop
For students... must go for itt"
5,"Just awesome product at this price.
Speed is pretty good better than other product in the same range."
5,"Wooo hoooo



A very good product in this range

I loved it"
5,"Excellent quality and excellent product while using it I have been used more than 2 months
Performance was good
Build quality was good
Keyboard experience was good
Every one say it has heating issue but I will tell you one thing is it got metal body build than regular laptops competition so it shows much heat while touching the back surface due to that
I have been using asus too same configuration it also dissipates heat
One thing I found my new wireless mouse was not detecting it"
5,"Awesome product..
At this price point it is the best laptop so far.

Pros-
Awesome display

Decent battery life ( 4-5 hours )

Camera Led Light is a unique feature and serves it's purpose.

Backlight keyboard at this price.

Quick boot up (12-15 seconds)

Light weight.

Nice built quality.

Cons-

Sometimes power button needs to be press 2 times to boot."
5,"Except the Touchpad placement/size. You will like everything about this laptop.

One more thing is the lights near the camera is worthless and appears cheap. It doesn’t lighten up your face but the room 😂"
5,"After using one month heavily in office work, this i3 laptop can hold pretty much (like Team meetings, some industrial design tools, multitasking for research & analysis etc…), no questions about battery ( up to 4-5hrs on heavy load, which is okay for me) & design. But one thing the Camera quality is bit poor but manageable.
I can say if you are running tight with your wallet, you can pick this new comer. Thanks"
5,"Nice Product 👌
Go for it blindly 😍
It's screen quality is awesome at this price point because it has 100% sRGB and a LCD panel in which viewing angle are surprisingly good
Battery backup is around 4-5 hours at moderate usage.
Backlit keyboard is awesome 🥳
Speakers quality is decent, bass is missing 🙂
Slimmest laptop as claimed by Infinix.💯
Charging is pretty fast ( It tooks 1 hours to charge 75%)
Smooth experience and it's better for day to day normal usage

Highly recommended for those ...
READ MORE"
5,"It's very slim which I prefer all the time just those camera and camera lights are useless as usual but it looks pretty just for show off overall performance is much more better at this price segment no one can defeat this laptop at this price range if you look a completely silver panel performance ,backlit keyboard ,windows11, portability,i don't found any debug till the date after all it's depends upon how you run with that device and moral of the story definitely go for it don't think twic...
READ MORE"
5,I Give 5⭐️ Good experience
5,"Best and pocket friendly laptop... Must buy for programming and development purpose.
Long battery life work for last 4 hour with heavy app."
5,"I have been working in main office since a month, in laptop I use excel power point word more than outlook copy I did not see any work in laptop very good laptop//💕💕💕💕"
5,Using for 3 montus
5,Very good laptop if are you looking for a budget one. Go for it 👍
5,Very nice leptop
5,"I am Sharing this review after one day of use. No doubt, it is absolutely value for money. Best available lap at this price range. AMD Ryzen 3 5300U along with 8 GB Ram and SSD is giving a superfast working experience. Also AMD Radeon Graphics is giving a good visual experience too. Startup is ultrafast. It takes only 5 to 6 seconds to reach desktop. Fast charging is also a gem."
5,There is no backlit keyboard and it is on problem sometime.
5,Everything is good in this budget
5,"Excellent
Value of money. No issue till now after two month of use. Processing speed is superb.
Quardcore processor with such low price is really appreciable."
5,"Supper, very good"
5,it is value for money
5,Best value for money
5,"1 Performance is good in this budget...
2 Battery also good last 4 , 5 hours backup in heavy use
3 Display is tft not ips lcd
4 speaker is superb, awesome sound quality
5 fast charger also good
6 light weight and slim design
7 no backlighting this pc"
5,"One of the best laptop in this segment.
Iam learning web development and playing videos online for long hours around 7/8 hours continously. The battery backup is good.
The laptop is not heavy and has big screen size.
Coming to design it very sleek and stylish..
One thing that I can add
If you have many go for ryzen 5 version...it has more faster performance.
But if you don't...afford that budget...just go for this...this laptop daam good...
Enjoy learning and explore more thing with this ...
READ MORE"
5,"Very pathetic, Ports didn't work properly. To much heating , battery backup is less than 4 hours ."
5,"Just wow , must try
Very fast performance"
5,Good and reliable product
5,"Flipkart is good online shopping app. And delivery is also save and secure.

Let's talk about laptop, i have used it since one month. its build quality is too 👌 good & performance is also good. There is only issu with keyboard, which i have faced. D letter key is not working properly, it need long press. But all things are good. Over all it get 5 🌟"
5,Very nice laptop and using time very nice performance but only baterry bachup is only 3-4 hours.
5,"First of all This laptop is very thin and light.
I Buy i3 varient with 512Gb ssd got in only 26K During Flipkart Big Billion Days sale. I am very satisfied with performance and Battery life. Thank you Flipkart for Bringing such products at affordable price💕😘😘😘"
5,Vary good product
5,"The laptop is good value for the price specially if there are some offers. The build quality is sturdy and feels solid. The matte finish looks and feels great. Performance is good for moderate users like browsing, worksheets, casual gaming etc. Im using it for my office work and getting 5 hours plus battery backup.The processor is quite power efficient and the laptop works silently with no or very minimal fan noise. The speakers are good and wifi is fast. Only downside is the display which is...
READ MORE"
5,Good product thanks Flipkart 👍👍
5,"Nice Product , for beginner it's perfect choice .
Low budget , high performance, good Storage , metallic look .
You can go for it ....."
5,Best product on the sale price
5,"Got it for 24k.Great deal at this price range.
8gb ram
512gb ssd
Backlit keyboard
Battery back up 5-6 hours
Cores 4
Looks super stylish
Super light weight
Super slim
Only thing which is average is its screensize."
5,I'm very happy with Infinix Inbook. My experience with this laptop is really awesome so far.
5,Everything is good but speaker is low..
5,My first time I buy this laptop overall good go for it☺️
5,Money value product. Design of laptop boby is very fine quality.Display screen is pretty good and battery power is quite ok. Thanks to all flipkart team for delivering the product safely to my home.
5,The laptop is very beautiful and good performance
5,Laptop is good.But it heats so fastly.Battery also drains fast
5,"Awesome.
Go for it blindly."
5,this product is interested.
5,Laptop is damm good
5,Value for money.. Awesome
5,"Very fast boot, Smooth OS performance, excellent processor and good RAM. Lifetime activated 2021 MS Office.
Screen is quite good for the price point...dont know why few reviews have criticized.
Bit big in size (as 15.6 inch not 14inch) but not heavy , one gets used to carrying it in 1-2 days.
Battery life is good, 5-6 hours with avg work.
Overall, a good buy esp for office or education related work."
5,"Best laptop to buy at this budget
Only minus point is display, which is decent"
5,"This product is fabulous, most wonderful I like it. This product is very useful, good quality of product, Easily usable.That’s
it I like this product . Be happy."
5,Thank u so much flipkart
5,Awesome..
5,"Sometimes Power button doesn't work , I compulsory have to plugged in to turn on Laptop. Tired of it.. what to do please answer ?....."
5,Very premium build quality.very fast processor value for money laptop under this range.
5,"First of all its look is premium, battery backup is vry good upto 6 hour in normal network use, and only a little bit heating issue that can be ignored. U get descent screen like OLED, hinge quality is good, plastic body, as well as light weight, speakers are loud and clear, backlit as well. Power package laptop for students"
5,"This product is very good for students. who are used for normal work, gaming and coding.👍
I am used to coding work and its performance was very good."
5,Product is very good and premium design battery backup eaisly6/7hours 🥰😍😘😍
5,Best laptop this price range
5,Value for money 5/stars👍❣️
5,Very Good Laptop
5,"Display is good
Performance is enough for normal usage
Design feels premium
I got for 43k i think value for money"
5,Best deal 🤝 and good look
5,Laptop good but fan sound come
5,Nice battery backup for normal use....
5,If you are student just go for it..
5,The lappy is small and lighter as per my assumption. The overall performance is far better as compared to the others in my wish list.
5,Value for money product. Flipkart delivery is so very prompt and with almost care.
5,For me... It was excellent
5,Product are good.yes i like this product. 5 rating for this product.
5,Good product go for it.
5,All good except built quality.
5,Marvelous
5,Nice recommended for normal users
5,"Laptop performance very good
Battery backup average
Other things is excellent"
5,"Everything is descent in this laptop.
At this price the features/specifications given by this laptop is really unbelievable.
Writings it's pros I will also like you to know the cons
The only issue is suffered in this laptop is battery life
It's battery life is not so much approximately around 4 to 5 hrs."
5,Love this product very smooth and stylish lap. Don't think too much just go for it you'll definitely satisfy with this one.
5,Nice product by Dell.
5,"Very good laptop with decent specs. Good experience, quick delivery, thanks to seller."
5,I am so happy
5,"Build quality 5/5
Display 5/5
Battery 🔋 5/5
Performance 5/5"
5,"Excellent laptop
Value for money
Best performance
Love Samsung ❤️
Excellent Display"
5,The Samsung Galaxy Book 4 16/512GB is a high-performance laptop designed to compete with other premium models on the market. Light weight and Slim.
5,"Awesome ❤️
It is my first laptop 💻
Everything is working fine👍"
5,"The laptop is really amazing.. The battery, display as well as performance is great.. In short it's value for moneyy.. I really loved this .. ✨🩶"
5,"Amazing
great product build quality is premium performance display amazing value for money"
5,Laptop is very thin and light weight. Look is very nice. Performance is super. I bought at 42k so value of money is very worthy. Display just awesome.
5,Outstanding 😍💫✨ for Your BUDGET 👍👍👍👍👍📖📚📚📚📖🆗❤️
5,Amazing laptop 😄 it's look very premium 💓 I'm so happy ☺️ nd also good performance 💖 it's really amazing product 💝
5,"After using of almost 3 months, there is no doubt that my decision is right to choose this laptop rather than Lenovo and HP. lapee is sleek, metal body, fast and provide some new features which is helpful for me."
5,Good product thank you Flipkart and worthable
5,It's so good pc and battery backup is very nice
5,Awesome product..I love it...
5,Overall excellent. Disappointed with display not good as i expected. Battery capacity over 6 hours in video playback. Sound quality good. Performance is good. Compared to i3 Ryzen 3 is best i think. Overall good worth every penny. Must have it
5,"Earlier I was skeptical for buying mac online and reading some negative reviews regarding seller treasure haul online, but laptop was delivered on time and it. Is original and without any damages, only suggestion to Flipkart is improve in logistics and time slot availability for delivery of products.
mac M3 air superb product 💯😍"
5,Used for a week for my work and online videos... display is good and no heating issues. No backlit keyboard. All going good. The delivery guy did a full check for damages before handing over laptop. Super till now.
5,Gud value for money
5,Nice 👍👍
5,"If you are a multi tasker and looking for a laptop which Completes your task really smooth and fast, then just go for it🔥🔥🔥"
5,Osm products
5,Quality AWsm
5,It's nice go for it but I think If you want long battery backup then you need to think about it apart from battery backup scenario just go a head without any doubt 👍🏻
5,This is best laptop for students 😉
5,Fast and smooth working.Light weight. Awesome product.
5,Overall great laptop for a student
5,Product is good and so fast deliver in 24 hurs thank you flipkart
5,Who are looking for budget laptop with good features . Battery lasts for 4 hours. Backlit feature good.A Great deal for Software engineers.
5,"Best and beautiful looks ,
nice product"
5,Good sound quality
5,"Those who want to purchase , go for it, better performance and design"
5,Very good laptop 💻
5,Very well
5,Speaker
5,Best product 😍
5,satisfied
5,Very nice sugauli jawed
5,Overall nice laptop
5,This laptop is very good the display and design is very good and it works fast the drawback of this laptop is that the battery backup is only 3to 4 hours
5,Awesome product of Hp excellent work and good speed 😍
5,I like this product 😍
5,"Excellent laptop. Performance is very good. Display and backlit keyboard are highlight.. because of SSD it boots within a minute which is very good. Surprised to see fastness of the processor (changed laptop after 6 years). Its not heavy laptop in weight, infact for me its lite weight.. this looks like future laptop. I would definitely recommend it. I purchased 2 laptops."
5,This laptop is very good the display and design is very good and it works fast the drawback of this laptop is that the battery backup is only 3to 4 hours(G Dhara)
5,"Good Laptop for video editor, android developers and with a good built quality and trust of Hp brand over other companies like infinix and acer . I will recommend you this laptop"
5,Superb performance nice product must buy it
5,"Delivery and package 📦 : 4
Look: 5
Performance: 5
Display: 3.5

Bought this lap to practice software coding and it perfectly works , no lag
Battery performance is good
The display isn't that great.
Gaming : No 💡 idea.
Processing speed is better .
Overall, it's a good laptop to buy ...
I'm glad I bought HP laptop."
5,"One of the best laptop.
Good performance
512 GB SSD boost the speed
Look premium
Battery backup good about 6-7 hours on normal use.
Speaker is good time is awesome.
Boot up time less than 10 sec.
Comes with window 11 and MS Office 2021 ."
5,Amazing Machine 🔥🔥
5,Just awesome
5,"Its very new model of apple....but flipkart provides a really big deal and discount in BBD , and aditionally also provides a HDFC card offer.....quality of the product is awsm, apple proved again, as its my 2nd macbook. But apple removed its glowing logo , rest is awsm..Starlight color is really elegant."
5,Good laptop for students and working professionals.
5,It looks super sexy i recommend you to get 512gb and its battery is so good
5,Genuine Product
5,Absolutely gorgeous and light weight laptop.
5,Very good laptop.
5,All good but charging only 3 hrs
5,Good design and good quality .hp is mind-blowing product. and good delivery .Thanks so much .
5,Nice but price is very high interested😜
5,Outstanding product...i've bought 16gb ram..100% worth to buy.
5,"Display design battery
camera excellent 👌"
5,Good for study and coding nice laptop using 1 years
5,Good look and Good sound effects overall not bad
5,Good laptop 💻💻💻
5,"This laptop is very good.,so I m very happy"
5,Amazing product😍 loved it❤
5,"Samsung Galaxy Book 4 is just mind-blowing.
If you get a good deal on price, don't miss this.
Premium build quality.
It sets a benchmark for other laptops in the segment.
Underrated laptop.
Steal this laptop in Sale at a deal price and you won't be disappointed."
5,"Great purchase using bank discount. Grabbed it at 45k☺️
Solid build, amazing display, super performance. Speakers are also loud enough when placed over table."
5,"Awesome product from samsung.
Design gives a premium vibe.
Battery is around 6 hrs.
The display could have been better but ok.
Sound quality is not too loud but dolby atmos handles it.
Ports are sufficient but no thunderbolt.
Performance is good.
Conclusion:- anybody looking for normal day to day tasks can definitely go for it, but it's not for heavy use."
5,"The Product design is very sleek, it is light in weight and battery backup is also good. I have purchased a 16 gb version so performance is good. Display is bright and clear. Charging time is also fast. Booting time is also very less. I am not a person who play games so I can't comment on that.

Cons - 1-Camera quality could have been better.
2- Speakers are not loud enough.
3-Ram is not upgradable.
4-No privacy shutter in camera.

Suggestions- A 14 inch version can become the ice breaker fo...
READ MORE"
5,"SUPERB PRODUCT GO FOR IT.
VALUE FOR MONEY."
5,"I was looking for a 14 inch laptop then my friend suggested this laptop. I decided to go with this laptop. Happy to have this masterpiece. This laptop is slim, low weight, very good display and has shown powerful performance till now. I couldn't have found a better laptop at this price range."
5,"First a lot of thanks to Flipkart, as because I got this laptop at 45k, which was not expectable.....
The laptop is the premium segment of the Samsung, the most trusted company with great customer support and services.

Laptop was the great deal for me..
Thanks Fl"
5,Got this under 40k can't get a deal this amazing at this price range. No laptop can beat the feel and look of this and the sound quality is amazing. If you want a balanced performer and a commendable look and design turn off the brain and just buy it. You won't regret it.
5,"This laptop is very good for any work battery life 7to 8hour for study I like this laptop by b.b.d sale by me
Value of money go to purchase any doubt.finger print smooth work came all over good I am happy by this laptop 💻"
5,"Performance 5/5
Display 5/5
Battery 5/5
Samsung best laptop.
Stylish look with hard body ..
Best laptop ever.
Thanks Flipkart 🙏"
5,"After seven yrears now I have purchased a Laptop. Many things are changed in these years like body slim and thin with light weight,flip boot, inbuilt battery etc.
Display is topnoch for viewing media or Documents.
Processor Speed also good can handle all daily essentials work for students and professionals. I am not gamer so that part I don't talk. But i5 processor can handle small type time pass games.
Battery is efficient upto 7 to 8 hr for normal uses. 45 watt charger charged fully within ...
READ MORE"
5,"Nice laptop with an i5 13 gen 1335u processor, camera should be better. I bought it at 44k . In this price range it is ok . The battery should be improve."
5,Nice product 👌 👍
5,I like you 😍
5,"Great performance ! Great deal ! Great laptop
Timely delivery !"
5,"This is very value for money laptop.
The highlight of the laptop is the screen which is 3K 120hz OLED display. Looks superb in real.
The screen can go very bright so no issues in using outdoors. It has bunch of certification which makes it suitable for professional photo editing for accurate color grading.
The sound from speakers is loud enough but lacks bass. It comes with dolby atmos.
Performance wise, it has very fast 7485Mhz speed 16 GB RAM and 1TB gen 4 superfast ssd which is more than...
READ MORE"
5,The Best Service and One of Best Asus Laptop and I am long term Asus Custmor
5,Gorgeous!!
5,Awesome laptop I love it.review after 1 month using
5,Good one..
5,It nice 👍
5,"Worth Varma worthy!!!!!!
💥💥"
5,Good but battery little bit disappointed
5,Great product at an affordable price.
5,Good Performance and Quick Charging
5,"When the laptop is came i shocked because the laptop box is bended but product is safe. and another thing saamsung don't provide any cover to screens and keyboards starting i think it's used product after watching reviews then i feel Good. The laptop performance is good . Don't use laptop in bed use in solid surface because the ventilation is under the system. when you done factory reset the laptop heats very much. The antivirus Mcafee is only one month trail. the Microsoft is permanent . ...
READ MORE"
5,Superb for long time use
5,"This is my first MacBook. The performance is good, display is flawless, sound is very good."
5,Its great and amazing
5,Nothing to say The Brand says everything so if you want something like this then go for it.
5,"Loved the product.
Just delivered within 2 days .
Nice battery.
Nice look.
Nice keyboard.
Everything is just awesome ."
5,Best laptop Ever ❤️🔥🔥
5,Great performance laptop
5,Best 👍quality
5,Its original😅❤️
5,"Just loved it...
For Apple u need not to see reviews just go for it without second thought... Machine is absolutely fast and user experience is unbelievable... Battery backup is also very good"
5,This machine is fast!
5,"I just migrated from Windows to Mac, feeling good, luxurious. For MacBook users I think, mouse is not really required for daily tasks. Trackpad is wonderful,"
5,"Display is fine..an average user will not find any problem wid the display.
Battery backup is good obviously because of 70wh battery in this model .
Permance is quite fast because of amd 5600h and 3050 graphics ..
Rendering in premiere pro of 20 min video with 5 layers took 6 mins using GPU ."
5,"As usual Hp delivers the best. A really impressive performance from this device. After one day use i noted this things
Good performance
Games like gta is smooth like butter
But battery drops very high ( not that impressive)
Display is 4/5
A really good laptop if u want to play high end games and high work related things"
5,"Best in segment.
Best for coding as well as best for gaming
No heating issue
6 to 7 hours battery backup in normal use.
No heating issues
Better than other laptop in this segment
100 to 120 min full charge"
5,"After 2 months of use,I can say its best budget gaming laptop 💻😉 go for it."
5,Great laptop best performance very good professional looking gaming laptop with blue colour and also 70wh battery with one month xbox game pass
5,"I Bought this for 55K
It is gaming but still looks professional
Value for money 👍🏼👍🏼"
5,Very good laptop. Just love it . Having all the spec that I wanted to have in low budget. This have awasom body and excellent performance.
5,"Only one word is enough for this laptop, i.e. beast"
5,It's good product and money valuable product
5,Medium standard.the value of money
5,Always my favorate!
5,"This laptop is very good
Thanks flipcart"
5,Everything is perfect but when gaming the battery life is decreasing fast.
5,It's one of the best laptop with RTX 3050 in this category.
5,"Everything is good but screen ips glow and minor screen bleeding is there, I only hope the screen bleeding doesn't increase by time"
5,"This is the best laptop in this price range.
In valorant this laptop can give around 200fps in 8gb ram"
5,Awesome Laptop
5,Very satisfied with the performance
5,"If you are thinking to buy this beast then just go for it because once this VICTUS comes in your hand you will forget every other laptops.....

For me this laptop is HEAVEN 💖"
5,"Got it for 59k
Awesome laptop for video editing, graphic designing, etc"
5,Great Product with Good Specifications.Great For Student and office work and Seasonal Gamer
5,Great laptop loved the 3k display plus full metal build quality 🥰.
5,Beautiful display and light weight. Love it!
5,"This is so cool 💪🏻
Value for money"
5,Amazing laptop n its specs at such cheap price. It's worth to sell my brother to buy this laptop. Made a good decision
5,Nice product..but graphic tgp is very low only 75watt.
5,One of the best laptop in this price don't think to much just go for it performance is best in this price range display is crisp and clear you also have option for change colors overall best in class you won't regret after purchase
5,"Great product
Priced correctly.
Great display and performance.
Looks great too"
5,"Got this laptop for just 51k! Killer deal for the 16GB RAM version. It's got a cool look, awesome display, and the performance is rock-solid, no complaints there. Only thing is, battery life could've been a bit better. Oh, and just a heads up, there's no additional SSD slot."
5,The Best laptop 💯 💯
5,"Good laptop...but Microsoft word, Excel ect.. it's paid software"
5,It is the good value for money and for gaming good graphics like urltra hitman some heavy games can play in high graphics it is one of the beast
5,"The product was delivered on time by Flipkart delivery boy and open box delivery was transparent and exchange of my old MacBook Air 2015 was done without any problem. I have been using the new MacBook Air 13 inch from past 2 days, as I was MacBook user from past 8 years, I don't have any new experience with the new product. However, I have updated to new one and enjoying using it. The product delivered was genuine and Flipkart offered me with good discount, which make unique platform for each...
READ MORE"
5,Apple never disappoints.
5,The device is an absolute beast. Battery is unbelievable. 50% battery is enough for a day. Extremely fast and smooth. The trackpad is amazing with those heptic feedbacks.
5,Superb and Fabulous!
5,"Nice laptop. Good and fastest processor. Very fast performance windows 11, keyboard quality good, very fast wifi connection"
5,Nice laptop in budget
5,Good product in this budget
5,Value for money laptop
5,"Amazing laptop. The battery when in performance mode works for around 4 hours but when you run it in power efficiency mode, it easily runs for 6-8 hours.

Display 5/5
Looks 3/5
Sound 4/5
Battery 5/5"
5,"with my first impressions, Laptop works flawless in each and every segment. Will update after few days."
5,"First of all , I want to tell you that, The laptop is amazing. Please do not check negative feedback for this laptop. Seriously you can buy this laptop 100% sure.

Laptop was purchased a few days ago

Note : Please check the warranty status on this laptop once you receive it.

For my scenario, the warranty has started august 2024 months itself ( but I have purchased the October month 2024). It is not an issue. You may please register with lenovo and change the warranty date with an inv...
READ MORE"
5,"Was looking for OLED Touchscreen RTX 4XXX GPU series gaming laptop. Not many RTX 4XXX GPU laptops has touchscreen.
So the options were limited, after some search saw this and checked out the configurations. It seemed great on specs for the price and my requirement.


16 inch model with OLED Touchscreen is looking gorgeous. Display is very crisp. Media consumption is bliss.
Keyboard is very smooth to type and touchpad response is also very smooth.
Has dedicated Copilot key.

Haven't insta...
READ MORE"
5,Amazing laptop. Great battery. Unparalleled performance
5,Bought this for a great deal of 90k during big billion day sale and its amazing performance machine 🙂
5,"Best laptop under price


Good Display and Desin

Best laptop"
5,Nice product with big discount
5,Good nice
5,Excellent laptop.Go without a second.thought
5,I bought this laptop in big billion days and offers was 😍 and this lapot performance was very awesome
5,awesome product . thanks received in good condition
5,Best Gaming laptop on this segment.Grab this beautiful laptop without any hesitation.
5,Love this product thankyou Flipkart ❤️
5,Beauty n beast
5,"It's a pretty good laptop at this price range. Don't think, just go for it .."
5,Valuable product with High performance.
5,A bugdet killer laptop in this price range.. excellent performance very nice display 4k videos can run easily 👍...very nice and smooth game play....i will recommend this to everyone in this price range ...best laptop i have ever used
5,Value for money and nice product
5,Best product in the range (60-70k). Delivers upto the expectation ls.
5,"Great purchase, just grab it at only 41K in BBD🤩🤩 2024 sale with bank offer price was just droped for sometime 🤭 when the sale started later it was increased, dispay is good, battery is about 5-6 hr which is also good
Samsung eco system is great 😍
At this price it is 🔥 🔥"
5,Got this laptop at 43K( 8gb variant). I was lucky enough to get this premium laptop at such a price.
5,Samsung Is And Always Be In My ❤️ It's Father Of All Technology Companies 🔥
5,"Excellent laptop from samsung, really a unexpected one for college purposes. Bought in big billion sale at 43k then battery works for 7 to 8 hrs in normal usage. Display is good, performance also good in terms of productive usage like learning coding etc."
5,This is very nice product I can bought this laptop 41k I am recep this is very nice 💯💯 laptop..
5,What a laptop this is just worth it
5,"In Love with the device. Grabbed the 16gb Model at only 44k, it has everything thing to make you happy. Display, sound, performance everything top notch. If you see it under 50k do not think for another second just grab it."
5,samsung is master of all technologies....❣❣ never doubt on samsung
5,"Awesome Laptop.Best product by Samsung. Everything is best.
Processor works best.
Display is awesome.
Speakers are a bit low, but Dolby Atmos works best.
Works very smooth."
5,"Camera quality could have a lot better considering the price , but satisfied with the overall as it came at very good price around 35000.... totally a steal deal.
Great display
Amazing soung quality
Built quality is top notch"
5,The product lives up to the hype.
5,I purchased this laptop on 43k in BBD Sale😍 Samsung eco system is excellent. value for money laptop
5,Overall Good
5,"best product with best price
ryzen 5 better than I5

go for it"
5,Very nice product and video quality very nice 👍
5,Value for money and best in everything performance are very smooth so please nothing wait go and book your order without thinking
5,"Its a great laptop at this price range from the brand of HP. Built quality and Screen Quality is great.
System boot up in 6 to 7 sec coz of 512 SSD and 8 GB of ram (Great combination with i3 11th Gen Processor)"
5,"This Laptop is value for money, you can play games smoothly battery backup is good according to gaming laptop, but when you will play games the battery will drain very fast.

Display will wobble a bit when your fan will be at full speed.

Overall this is a nice laptop loved it.."
5,Excellent Performance. Value for money buy.
5,Working Great!!
5,Best performance and good display and everything was fine but battery was little bad (I know that gaming laptops doesn't have long time working hours ) but compared with other gaming laptops its little bad
5,Very nice laptop a complete value for money and is great at performance but it could be even more better if it had RGB keyboard but thats ok
5,Good for 58 k 16gb Version
5,A best product from HP
5,"A pretty solid buy.
Lovely IPS 144Hz display, Smooth touchpad, Powerful graphics and processor, and a good design overall."
5,overall best product hai
5,"I got it for around 23k and at this price this is perfect.
Everything is great and the screen quality is mind blowing
The only thing I am not satisfied with is its battery. Battery backup is not that great but considering the other features and the price i am ok with that so from my end you can go for it 👌🏻👌🏻"
5,"Laptop is good for students and official use with good amount of storage, ram and processor speed."
5,Nice profuct
5,"I think the best laptop I bought.
Battery life is good enough.
The display quality is good.
Speakers are not so loud but it's ok.
Performance is good.
Value for money laptop. Thank u Flipkart and Acer."
5,"Best laptop at this price,very great but it has only one default that is the volume is very low"
5,"Good
Laptop"
5,This product is value for money
5,"Definitely value for money
The display is really good
Very light weight"
5,"Actually I'm using study purpose. So it's perfect choice for study purpose in this budget.
Good for this one without any other thing"
5,Nice product in this price
5,A laptop is the best in price point and display is best allover is laptop best
5,Good product in this price range. Well fingerprint scanner is not necessary as it is not a cell phone that we need to unlock again n again. Just because of fingerprint n backlit keyboard dont loose this deal.
5,"Running fast , best laptop"
5,Best performance laptop hp
5,"Great Job By Hp...best specs( specillay the built and display) at a reasonable price along with the brand value of HP
Some may say that it lacks a fingerprint scanner and a backlit keyboard ..hence one shud opt for an asus or lenovo laptop..but don't dare fall in such traps!!Always choose brand name over some useless additional specs"
5,"It’s worthy purchased for my younger brother.
Design, performance and battery looks excellent.
But I can give full review after 2-3 months only."
5,"Awesome👏✊👍👍😎
No any issue.. Battery 3-4 hour...
Connectivity and perfomence is mind blowing..."
5,"nice laptop, fast and premium.The battery should be a little better. I have a problem with my unit speaker. Moreover, great laptop in all respects. Sound quality, display, speed is great."
5,I am purchasing 3 months before laptop performance is very good and fast operate and batary life is also good
5,Nice good 👍👍 product
5,It's good for students and value for money some display quality is week
5,"This laptop is a gem.
Better than the i3 12th and 13th Generation.
Go for it.
The display is good.
Body Quality - Superb
Sound - Awesome
Processor - Top Notch"
5,"This is my first laptop..and i love it..❤️❤️
1. Design = 4.5/5
2. Performance = 4.5/5
3. Battery = 4/5
5. Display = 4/5
Value for money 🤑"
5,I liked it so much
5,Verry nice
5,Perfect 💗..
5,Most powerful and efficient laptop👍
5,"I believe this product and flipcart online shopping
Good
Best 👍
Wow
100 present"
5,Great item
5,"Nice product in hp
SSD 8GB ram and processing speed fast"
5,Best quality and best performance
5,"The Laptop is very nice. The color and looks are great, Body is sleek, light and thin. Laptop size is decent. Resolution of the screen is wonderful. I am impressed with the speed of the laptop. It's very good for day to day work. After using this device, I have made a decision to always go with an SSD only. 512 gb SSD and 8 gb RAM makes a great combination. Laptop is very fast. It takes around 5-6 sec to start or shut down the system. Battery back up is about 5.5 hours. It took 90 minutes to ...
READ MORE"
5,Nice original
5,"Ok so the laptop came in good condition no scratches pr dents.
Performance is good you can do your most of the work like office work coding etc
Battery backup is good and it charges up pretty fast so you won't have problem with that.
Display is not that good thats a minus point but still if you can compromise display with performance then its fine.
Build quality is of plastic which is ok.
Camera is not good dont expect good camera from budget laptop.
Audio is ok not the best. audio is very l...
READ MORE"
5,Very good laptop under 40k with ryzen 7 processo
5,"Very Good laptop, you can't find this spec in this price in any Lenovo showrooms. Best to buy here"
5,Super laptop
5,Nice product👍
5,Bad experience very bad product
5,Best for study.
5,This laptop is King in this budget
5,Compact and powerful laptop.
5,"Display is Good.
Battery drains quickly and charges quickly.
It's fast..and u hold it gives u a premium feeling"
5,This lappy is wonderful nd performance was very smooth 👍
5,I have never seen such a great screen touch laptop with great performance
5,"I think, one of the best laptop for student and others professional work also."
5,Nice product just for study purpose...
5,Nice laptop for light office work and good product by hp.
5,"This is best for academic purposes, best laptop in performance, battery , desplay and price ,.. it became 6 month I have purchased it for PhD work and it fulfill the requirements... Though I don't do any heavy work on this but for PhD work and academic purposes it is best... Windows 11 already installed,, all necessary features are available.. if you looking for light works this is gud go for it."
5,Nice product good working
5,This is a very good laptop for studies and buisness . This laptop comes with a master finish display which doesn't reflect light. Graphical work cannot be done on this because it does not have graphics card ( this is fir obvious as its not a gaming laptop ). At last its good for entertainment and everyday work. 🙂🙂
5,"Very good laptop....👍👍👍👍👍
Very nice
I'm happy"
5,Great performance luxury product core 3 12th generation in this price segment dell provide such a good product must buy
5,"Battery too good, It Feels Premium, If you are looking for it just go for it.
Overall no competition 🔥
Love this one 🫶❤️"
5,"Has been a great purchase. Got it at 49K with card offers. And at that price, couldn't have asked for anything better. A perfect allrounder.

Pros -
- Premium build
- Good speakers (Turn on the Dolby atmos)
- Battery life is fairly decent ( I keep the charging life capped at 80%, you get that option just like Samsung phones. That actually keeps your battery life better - My battery cycle is generally between 20% to 80% which gives me around 5hrs of SOT. If you charge it to 100% you might ge...
READ MORE"
5,Good product with good design and performance. Comparing to other brands it is slightly expensive but I got it with attractive offers.
5,Amazing product. Great performance. Sleek design......Very satisfied with my purchase.
5,"Such a amazing laptop in budget.
I bought in 46k in the sell.
Value for money laptop just go for it guys 🫠"
5,"I bought it on sale with a bank offer for 46k (16Gb) best laptop at this price range the overall performance is amazing. The battery is decent one problem is that the speaker grill is present at the base of the laptop so the sound is not coming properly if you use it on bed or lap on the table it is good.

I like the build quality of this laptop very much full Macbook vibe ❤️"
5,value for money. keyboard could be better
5,"That is nice laptop at this price, if you can find a laptop for college and other work you can choice this laptop
Battery 7 -8 hours
Display - 4.6/5
Performance- 4.7/5
Gaming- 4.1/5
Office work/coding /other - 10/10"
5,"Slim body , simple design looks great"
5,"Product is slim good for coders and creators
Especially for college students, Battery is too Good as per the price with latest processor"
5,Budget beast and runs most of the games on high graphics. Buy an SSD to run big games!!
5,IT VERY GOOD EXCEPT OPENING THE LAPTOP
5,"To be honest, i was scared at first, because it was my first time buying a laptop and i did so much research before buying this one. And this was in budget too
Moving on to it's features:
It has a sleek and modern design, making it a pleasure to use and carry around.
Display is sooo cool, i mean, honestly I'm loving it.
Battery life is also good. Average 3-4 hours.
Some pre-installed softwares too, but as mentioned in the description MS Office isn't provided.
Speakers work okay but i was ex...
READ MORE"
5,According to money it is good product
5,As per prise piont product is greatest
5,It's an amazing laptop for students and professionals
5,Must and pro=speaker issue
5,Good Velu for mony
5,"Good display
Value for money product"
5,Very good laptop in this price range.
5,Very nice Laptop I'm happy with Flipkart
5,"This price worthy product, I was about to buy MacBook M1 for my two non technical staffs, because I'm used to MacBooks, and I didn't had nice experience with windows laptops in past
But a friend, suggested that I should be looking at windows laptop for non-technical staffs because their task doesn't require high performance, and I'm glad that I agreed with his advice

3, 4 years ago below 40k laptop was literally garbage, maybe they are still, but at the price point I can't say it's a bad lap...
READ MORE"
5,Excellent laptop. Value for money.
5,Awesome laptop
5,thank you flipkart
5,Very good
5,Good for nomilar work.
5,Best for laptop
5,osm
5,Excellent performance 💯
5,Moreover everything is fine working
5,"Got it 28 march2023, Find it as expected, Super fast and crystel clear it's my first day so I am fully excited while updating and setting it, Battery working as 4 to 7 hours by different settings different result time due to its hd usage, backlit very good of this slim laptop but I think I have to secure this from dust and needed safe handling of this master piece, If i got any issue i will update that in my review by editing. Sound is little low but I have 50w blutooth speakers so no proble...
READ MORE"
5,Nice product delivery is also too fast thank you Flipkart for such wonderful laptop
5,Everything is good.best product for this range.I will review in more detail after use this laptop.
5,"PROS: Display is exceptional at this price point
Does not hang, battery life is good, My ASUS app is good to have.

CONS: RAM and SSD are not expandable.
Build quality doesn't seem good."
5,"Overall best performance laptop with best in class display and decent battery back up.

Only speakers are not good otherwise everything is upto the mark."
5,worth of money ..go for it if u want an oled with affordable price.
5,Wonderful laptop 💻 value for money 🤑 and faster processing
5,Very good product 👌🏻
5,This is a really good product
5,awesome working
5,Overall it's a good product....
5,Best budget laptop from dell.
5,Fabulous laptop in this price range
5,This is a good product with its price. Heating problem
5,"Battery is working fine about 5 to 6 hours, sometimes more than that. Display is also fine and performance is also great. type c ports all ports r nice to have. it's really value for money product. the only concern is build quality. It looks very delicate. I wish it will last for at least three years"
5,Worth the money. The battery life is good. It is working properly.
5,"Very durable build. Wifi 6 is awesome. Display and 180 R is fabulous, antiglare, no reflections, very bright. Sound is above avge, Nahimic in built, no tuning app. Backlit MULTICOLOUR keyboard and controls are stunning. Easy to upgrade RAM, but you don't need. Difficult to upgrade secondary ssd/hdd as no SATA III connector ribbon cable is provided in the box. MS OFFICE 365 is installed but has no subscription. You have to purchase. Colour is dark grey to look at even though they call it silve...
READ MORE"
5,Best laptop top fore students and creaters
5,Good product in this price range
5,Everything is great about this laptop except the sound quality. I can easily play games on high graphics without lags. I really love the color adjustable backlit keyboard. This product worth every penny.
5,"Best value for money laptop
Providing all best specifications in the segment"
5,"Very nice product. The seller service is good and reliable. You can rely on genuineness of products.

Product is very good. Speed and browser multiple windows opening no issues. MS office files opening with a second time taken.

Speed is excellent."
5,REVIEWING AFTER 1 MONTHS. WORKING PERFECTLY. NOT A SINGLE PROBLEM. BOUGHT FOR JUST 30K.A VERY GOOD PRODUCT BY ACER.DISPLAY IS TFT CAN BE BETTER.PERFORMANCE IS VERY GOOD.A LITTLE DISAPPOINT BY BATTERY BUT FAST CHARGING SOLVE IT.VERY PREMIUM CLASSY LIGHTWEIGHT DESIGN.SURELY SUGGEST YOU👍🏻👍🏻
5,"Overall a good product 💯,"
5,Good product you can do offical work as well as play games too
5,Totally good.
5,"For students and daily usage,if you want light gaming here and there,but might not be suitable for heavy usage , though it's a value for money option for sure"
5,Value for money product under 35k.... Display awesome you can see pictures.... I'm impressed...
5,"Really it's a great laptop for this Rate ..
Performance are too good
Battery it's up to 5 to 7 hours in different types of setting
Amazing laptop for students 😸
Keyboard backlight are great feature this laptop 💻"
5,"This product is value for money for some reasons
Pros
1. Display is very good at that price segment which comes with good Oled panel
2.Battery life is very good which is also coming with 65w adapter
3.Performance is excellent
4.Good built quality

Cons
1. Fingerprint sensor is missing
2. Camera resolution performance is very low
Thank you flipkart and ASUS ❤️"
5,"Very nice product ❤️
I am very happy loved it Asus laptop please buy this osm laptop I am very happy 🥰
Thank uhh flipkart ❤️"
5,Good Laptop under 35k
5,Outstanding display. Highly recommend
5,It's good than expected..
5,"You can go for this laptop, display is awesome, design is also good..5 out of 5"
5,Very nice gadget. Very fast and reliable.
5,Just ossam best for study and others
5,one of the best pc used better than HP and DELL
5,"Nothing to dislike, Best laptop under 40k"
5,Exceptional product . Go for it
5,"Display is good 5 rating
Performance is good 4 rating
Sound is good 3.5 rating
Overall rating 4 out of 5"
5,"Trust me this is one of the best laptops I have ever bought on a budget. You can go for it

Reviewing after 15 days"
5,"The display is top notch!
good for multimedia use and basic day to day tasks"
5,Best laptop in this price.
5,"Good performance
Value for money 💰"
5,"This laptop is for entertainment and daily activities, not for heavy usage,but it is best in its capabilities.You get more than 5hrs battery backup,speakers are decent, display is awesome.I think this laptop is suitable for students."
5,"Super 💯😍💯
Display quality best'"
5,"Display very good.
Picture quality very good.
Sound quality satisfactory, no require ment of earphone or headphone.
Battery back up is not satisfactory, this may be due to very nice picture quality which can consume more power than ordinary display laptops."
5,Good for Avarage Performance use
5,Best laptop and very slim .. looking so good..
5,This product display is very good.and mouse tuch paid quality and work is very best.
5,This product is valuable for money display is just osm nice laptop
5,good to go
5,I am happy good product under budget
5,"Super product value for money
very good display
very good battery backup
very good performace
very good delivery
compaact size of charger
i recomment to all"
5,good laptop for the price
5,Too good and too satisfied 👍 amezing display and quality
5,Wow amazing laptop thank u Flipkart
5,Awesome laptop highly recommend....
5,Good laptop and Display was very good
5,It's a good product but lack in great processor can be better with it and slightly built fan be improved like Dell and Lenovo laptops
5,Amazing.. blindly go for it
5,"Osm look product
What a great laptop"
5,"Product is very good with in this price range,
It battery is upto 5 hours,
Performance is very good with octa core processor
And. Display is oled which give amazing experience."
5,It's about Asus laptop 💻 really very nice 🙂 progress
5,"When I buy this product.one month only reaserch in this product..Then I buy this product
Battery wise it's 10/9.3
OLED display just emazing 10/10"
5,"Ok ok performance, with good display"
5,Vary nice laptop
5,Nice laptop
5,"This product is good but , speaker 🔊 is not good"
5,👍 good
5,Best product! I got this laptop from Flipkart in big diwali deal! Thank you Flipkart ❤️
5,Very Nice product on this Budget
5,Very nice laptop with all features at this price range..
5,Wowwww
5,Very
5,Fabulous product. Worth the price.
5,"Awesome speed, boot is not taking more than 5 sec, very fast"
5,"recently bought a Lenovo laptop, and it has exceeded all my expectations. The build quality is excellent, and it feels very sturdy. The performance is top-notch, with a fast processor and ample RAM that handles multitasking with ease. The display is vibrant and crisp, making it perfect for both work and entertainment. The battery life is impressive, lasting me through a full day of work without needing a charge. Overall, a fantastic laptop that offers great value for money."
5,"Liked the built quality, performance and battery back up, it's seamless.purchased for 47k, feeling more worth than price"
5,"Value for Money
Good for students
OLED Display is amazing
Good performance
Only con is u cant add ram its soldered to mobo u can only swap storage"
5,Super Diplay
5,"Superb display at this price range so affordable and decent performance, useful for regular use, college and office purpose, average for gaming not for gaming but it is better for gaming too, fully satisfied with the product."
5,Best product under 50k and display quality is also good and I am very happy to get the best product.
5,Overall good specially display 💕
5,All things are best but face recognition no response 😭
5,Laptop is exceptional just go for it.. if ur looking for a budget friendly laptop 😉
5,"Look, Graphics, and Processor is working like a wow"
5,Everything is good specially its battery power but I think there must be eye protection include.
5,HD display 👌🏻
5,Awsome product value for money
5,Good very slim waitless
5,"The design is so cool.
Performance wise okok not that much good.
It can be used for daily normal usage. If you are using it for more than 5hours continuously i am getting heat issues. Not a gaming laptop

Overall i recommend this laptop for very low usage people."
5,Great 👍👍 excellent performance
5,simply best
5,Fantastic
5,The product is nice
5,"The best product in this price range.
👍👍👍👍👍"
5,Best laptop for office use at this pric
5,Nice product 👌 picture quality is awesome
5,It looks classy
5,This my first laptop💻 touch is awesome working like mobile
5,It's better than any other laptop in this segment
5,its the bestest. uh can experience ultra comfort in this.
5,Good Leptop
5,Budget laptop but i liked this
5,"One of the best laptop in this price range, battery backup, display are awesome"
5,Study laptop are very performance
5,"Great value for money. Storage, memory, battery are upgradable. Gen 5 screen quality is good. This comes with 8 GB ram soldered and another 8 GB installed by the seller. Has one empty slot where you can install another SSD. Came with Windows 11 pre installed. But I installed linux. All the hardware (including fingerprint reader) is fully supported on popular linux distros like Ubuntu.
For those who do not need a lot of dedicated graphics memory, this is a no brainer."
5,"Its good
But ms office not activet this is worng"
5,Best product on his price range
5,Product is nice.... But unable talk to customercare executives.
5,Best in class
5,Must
5,"Best in budget

Note:- Im very less user"
5,Laptop is very good.. but it starts heating after some time of use.. but that's normal every laptop heats.. I liked the product.. its look is osm.. every thing is too good 👍... Go for it
5,"It's A Very Nice Laptop ☺️. I Have No Issue With This Machine Everything Is Better Than Expected.
A Little Correction On Laptop Description, On Flipkart It's Show Intel UHD Graphics But In This Intel Iris Xe❤️. If You Want Purchase A Best Laptop With Better Featurs Than You Can Choose This Without Any Confusion."
5,super laptop
5,"Good product
Awesome performance"
5,Good for use but battery performance not up to the mark.
5,Atleast Budget Computer/Laptop
5,Excellent product Asus techo but no available keypad backlight.
5,Product is awesome performance is upto the mark fast fewrious use
5,This is my first and best laptop with touch screen
5,best for formal work.
5,Really Good Product and it's performance is so cool
5,Works like a charm. Smooth and easy to setup.
5,"Best laptop , To be honest"
5,Awesome Touch Screen Laptop 💻💻😍😍🔥🔥
5,Laptop is good
5,Lovely...
5,Amazing product i love this.
5,"Great product, working very smoothly but only usable for normal work not for coder or gamer"
5,"I got the same today, but i tried installing new apps and uninstalling some default apps.. and it was very quick.. the design is good, its light weight.

Thanks flipkart and the seller... 👍🏻"
5,"Ordered this laptop after lot of research. Finally found best price here. Laptop was well packed and delivered 2 days earlier to actual delivery date. Thanks to Seller.

Laptop came with Genuine Windows 11 and MS Office. I could complete whole setup within 10 mins. Its working very smooth."
5,Product is very nice packed and overall design of laptop is amazing. I like this laptop
5,"Amazing design and buildup.
Nice battery life"
5,"The laptop is awesome
Nice sound quality
Good performances
Better picture quality"
5,"The product performance is so good and display is also good , features is nice in this price money. Overall nice product except the battery backup because battery backup is good for students not for professionals work person."
5,Good condition
5,Quality is so wonderful
5,Good one
5,This is the 2nd laptop for my friend to work for CA purpose
5,Best
5,"Worth for the money i paid
If u r looking for a laptop in this price than go if ...every thing is good....👍"
5,I like it Hp croombook and very fast and very good performance.🔥and battery backup 6.to7 hours.
5,"Great product by HP , RAM feels okay for day to day browsing and doc editing however if you are planning to enable Linux container on it then it might lag a bit.

Good for Day to day normal usage , do not expect heavy multitasking or gaming . This device is not meant for all that.

Overall am happy with the performance and battery life. It's light weight as well."
5,Best for students.....
5,Adorable and budget friendly
5,"I like it.
Office work
Normal use.
Good display
Good battery"
5,"Value for money in the budget
Touch screen 👌🏻
Simply day to day usage documents editing
Battery🔋life is excellent and very lightweight"
5,Good touching good work smouth work
5,Good product at readable price in big billion day's
5,This is the best product ever for these rates and super display only battery backup problem because it's running only one hr after Full charge otherwise all are best.
5,Good product at very reasonable
5,Nice and great product. Thkx to Flipkart team
5,Overall a good one i bought at 35k including offer on BBD. If you want touch + SSD+ i3 11gen go for it
5,Very nice product 😊😊😊😊
5,One of the best laptop ever used
5,Nice performance and i loved it ❣️
5,Good for research work... matlab version 2022 can easily be installed and run
5,Product is amazing and worth it.
5,"Laptop performance is very good and providing in reasonable price. 5 star rating for product
Seller(Indi Flash Mart) also excellent i am giving 5 star rating for them as well."
5,Behatreen Laptop 🎇
5,It's amazing! If you have low budget u can buy it. It's for you.
5,"Value for money product, and better than the HP laptop."
5,Very nice pr
5,"Best laptop under this price
One thing Acer could do better by providing IPS Display."
5,Amazing laptop.....Nice performance....Like it👍👍👍
5,"Very ligh weight laptop, processor is fast, slim design , Overall good product"
5,Though it is a good product but it hangs quickly and heats quickly over all value for money I like it for day to day use and touch notches are awesome .
5,"Best Chromebook for all kinds of online work.
Must Purchase this Laptop."
5,Very good product. The delivery person also good when he answering our calls. Always he attended the calls whenever we called. Very very satisfied about the product and Flipkart delivery system!
5,Best for online classes
5,Loved it.
5,AWESOME PRODUCT 👍 NO PROBLEM EVEN OPEN 1000 TABS IN LAPTOP
5,"Product Review:

I recently purchased this HP Chromebook for my multitasking needs, document work, and attending lectures online, and I must say, it's been a fantastic investment. The Chromebook is perfect for my requirements, allowing me to effortlessly switch between tasks and stay organized.

One of the standout features of this Chromebook is its incredible battery life. I can go for hours without needing to recharge, which is incredibly convenient, especially during long lectures or work ...
READ MORE"
5,"This product is not of any use in professional aspect, but publicity is high only."
5,Fantastic product
5,Worth buying it.
5,Nice 👍
5,Amazing 😍
5,"Best in the Market

In this price rnge you can't adk for more
It is lighter in weight, Big screen(15.6), Smoothly working, Easy setup, Big mouse pad, Clear and high Sound... Totally worth it for your personal and office work.. Highly recommended✨✌️✌️"
5,"Overall experience better value for money but battery backup compromised because battery backup 3 hour
But profrormence is very better"
5,The product cost is little extra.it
5,"Thanks to dell, this laptop work very smooth and packing is stream level, my whole investment fully restored"
5,Outlook is awesome.. budget laptop for college students
5,Good feture better quality
5,Fast performing processor and good battery backup and look is also good
5,"Good product 👍 value for money.
Over all great product
Good product at this price"
5,Good buy
5,"Hi there I just this laptop two days before.This is really budget frdly laptop for beginners and unexpected performance . Battery charging time 20%-100=2hours
Battery backup-5-7 hours..I think this the best laptop in this budget 😎"
5,Trustable product in this range.
5,"I really recommend this product, Budget friendly laptop with excellent performance and features. Light weight and easy to carry. Good flat design and very thin width which i really like it. Highly recommend for office and study purposes."
5,Excellent Laptop I Really Loved it's performance and windows 11 operating system which is really amazing and very customized and easy to usable and understandable. Good Battery Backup. It's very good for performing and multitasking. But it support single language only and not for gaming. It heats up for long time use and while heavy use.
5,Value for money 😋
5,Excellent product ❤️
5,Very good Quality
5,Smooth and quality best
5,Very very good product nice
5,Good ok
5,Product is nice
5,Product is very good with much less price than expected
5,This is very good.. For students.. And also good for light work
5,"Value For Money Product, Thanks Flipkart and HP :)"
5,Worth for it
5,Superb product touch screen was awesome must buy
5,Best 😊
5,Worth it..very well designed.. colour and texture are also cool.. screen reflection is appropriate.
5,Just wow...
5,VERY GOOD PRODUCT RUNS SO SMOOTH... THANK YOU H P :)
5,"Value for money 💰
Best product you can buy now
Everything is good 👍"
5,This product is awasam with this price range. Dell always gives you value for money product.
5,very good laptop for normal use
5,"Best Laptop for the segment
Don't second guess just buy for this range"
5,Awesome prodect.thank you
5,"Mind blowing purchase, its dell everything full fills you...
Just got it...
The mouse pad✅
O.S. Booting vey fast✅
Working very smoothly✅
Feeling like its worth it✅
Very fast laptop✅
Guys, really have it..
If you are looking for i3 laptop, its totally filled with everything.🤘✅"
5,The best laptop under 45k fulfilling all the basic needs go for it 👍
5,"Clash of Clan play 🤪💗 good display
Battery poor
Any good 👍"
5,"Nice.
Performance was good. I got this on 15thDec till now I don't have any complaints. Little bit 🤏 problem with Screen touch I need to tap three to four at sometimes. Remaining is all good.
Need to wait for one month duration to know about all features work...."
5,Best in class laptop just go for it
5,Thanks 😊😊👍
5,"Best laptop according to the price
Thanks Flipkart
Love it ❤️🫶"
5,Very good and fast
5,After usage one month the product was so good and the keyboard and track pad was nice display was good for this price worth for money performance was good for daily usage and the battery was awesome continue using the battery till long upro for 6hours once again the product was great 🥳
5,"This the is best lap in this prise ,I purchased it by 32k, you go for that"
5,"Actually display is OLED, performance according to processor is so powerful although it's not a gaming laptop but still enough power for day to day task ,better optimisation with samsung eco system overall product value for money but I suggest if anyone can increase their budget go for the i5 16gb variation for this model"
5,"Best laptop in this price range
1- Display is too much good
2- Very smooth in processing
3- Battery backup also too good"
5,Very nice 👌 Value for money products 👍
5,Wonderful product for study purpose...and its under budgetable source core i3 ...and its obviously satisfied the buyer
5,One of the best product design was so so beautiful ❤️😍
5,Best laptop under 35k nice feel and touch nice screen only problem is camera quality
5,Battery backup ekdm fadu 🔥🔥🔥
5,Best eve chromebook
5,All' good and nice product sarvice Flipkart
5,"Love the product. LOOKS A PREMIUM PRODCUT . At such low cost, very nice product . Feeling so happy to use it."
5,Battery Performance very Low Not For Trading
5,"Basic laptop with 8 gb ram
Very useful in working and also light video editing
Picture quality is hd"
5,Good parchase
5,"Good Product,I really liked it,Thank youu🫶🏻"
5,Nice product acer
5,Good parfamance☺
5,"Product is sleek n stylish in this budget. Work speed is good . Microsoft office is not pre-installed . I have used it for 3 continuous hours , it functioned well but got heated ."
5,Very good experience
5,Just okay
5,Awesome Experience
5,Cheap and best👍 product
5,"Got this from SV PERIPHERAL i have faced very little bit screen bleeding issue but its ok, speakers are not loud but very crystal clear and bassy and everything is good, i Will update you with more information after some heavy use."
5,Good product at 82k.
5,Good 😁
5,Great One.
5,Product met the expectations
5,Worth for students ✨💗
5,"I have received this laptop in perfect condition. The delivery man was a gentleman.
I have installed Linux Mint 21 Xfce on the laptop. It's running smoothly. It boots up very fast. Nice and bright display, sound is also very loud. I can do multitasking.
One of the two Type-A USB ports is very tight. I had to push very hard to insert my pen drive."
5,Very nice product is good
5,"Best budget laptop in 19k, its price is lower due to dos, user just need to install windows।"
5,Best of best useful
5,"Very good product.
Thanks."
5,Descent product for budjet price
5,Best performace
5,Worth the
5,Worth for money . It's a basic laptop at this low cost . It will be really useful for school and college students.
5,Overall average product for normally daily working.
5,Mast quality and beautiful laptop
5,"Very nice,, nice looking,, 12K HDR video run"
5,"Money For worth.....
Product is Best
Battery performance is well"
5,Thank
5,Good srevic
5,Best low budget laptop for students and office use
5,"Good value for
money"
5,Superb Product for this price
5,After one month I am writing this review. I am fully satisfied with the product. Very smooth and fast. Value for money.
5,good product in this price range
5,Good good buttiyful good
5,"Very Good performance laptop and value of money.
Must you buy."
5,Great HP laptop...4 gb 256 SSD...You never ever get such a nice Laptop in this price..thank you HP and Flipkart.
5,I am happy with the product.
5,"Nice laptop under cheap price ,,
Something nice"
5,Super quality good price 👍 nice colour
5,Super ✌️✌️
5,I can play without lag high graphics gta5
5,Superb quality laptop
5,Average rating
5,Amazing design and performance
5,Achha product receive huaa
5,"Pretty good, it performed past my expectations.
Update after 2 and a half months: Good laptop, played forza 5, ac origins, rdr2, minecraft and gta v on it.
Forza 5 - Ultra preset, 60-70 FPS
Ac Origins - High, 90-100 FPS
RDR2 - Maxed out at 1080p with DLSS quality gives 45-60 FPS
GTA V - Max Settings 144 FPS (Capped there because I play with Vsync on)"
5,Good laptop but when u play games (i played Raji) battery draining very fast overall performance is good at this price .
5,Just looking like a WOW ❤️
5,Value for money product except battery issue
5,"Best design, fast working, fast mouse, everyone buy this 😍😍🔥💪💪"
5,Using this laptop for 2 months working like beast 🥵🥶
5,Vry vry good I like it
5,Good latop all good working condition
5,"Good for students
But it has a lot of process when setting up the software"
5,nice laptop
5,Best in this range..premium metal finish
5,Very nice laptop 🥰🥰🥰
5,Really top notch build quality. Look and feel is like the macbook pro.
5,MacBook ❌ samsung galaxy book 👍
5,Satisfied
5,Performance is good
5,Mind blowing laptop in this price range
5,I love it
5,its really good and fast.
5,Best value for money comes with good brand value.
5,Superb laptop and feel very premium and display is very crisp and clear and that 16inch laptop feel crazy 🤪 to use
5,I like it for compact design and great performance
5,"Battery optimisation is really nice
Copilot (AI) feature is really good
Picture quality is good
Speed is nice
Sound quality is average
Well designed
Good weight distribution
Good for normal gaming, for higher graphics gameplays the laptop heats up faster."
5,Very good performance and feels good to operate
5,Best Ai leptop ever
5,Overall good. I am satisfied for my day to day uses.
5,"I am really happy with this product and will surely recommend people to go for it. Under 50k (with exchange), nothing is better than this. So far I have used only HP laptops and after using this one I am really happy. This is mainly designed for working professionals/students. The design and material is superb. I recommend buying a 16 Inch screen size instead of 14 because the screen width is less and height is more. Thank you Flipkart."
5,"It is the best product for freelancing and creator, performance is seamless , battery backup is about 6-7 hours during normal usage , it is value of money at 58K ."
5,"battery backup-5-6hrs
overall very good laptop,"
5,Loptop super
5,Very very good and comfortable product but ssd and ram capacity is not comfortable for parsonal and buisness work
5,Very good quality 💯 pich price 👍
5,Good 👍😊 Laptop 💻
5,Nic am happy
5,Best product
5,"Really a master piece in this price.
Without any thought go for it"
5,Display is good but speakers are not that loud.Battery lasts for about 2 hours. Gives smooth experience if used for simple tasks. Works great in Samsung ecosystem
5,I just loved the Galaxy Book 4. What a Premium feel.
5,The laptop is really good. The quality of the laptop is unbeatable. Though the sound of the laptop is little low however the laptop is very nice.⚔️⚔️🥳❤️👌👌
5,Over all is good.Only cons is web camera is very low quality and ram is not expandable.Display and design are good.Build quality is also good.I think Value for money product.I design point of view feels premium.
5,Product is very good and performance is to good in value for money 👍👍
5,Value for money its desine and pefomance are excellent battery backup runs more than 6 hours. Processor speed and working like light speed
5,"First of all, it feels amazing as it's really solid and premium,
performance is decent,
The display is great,
Fingerprint sensor just works seamlessly,
Linking with my mobile and using all my mobile apps is just seamlessly and easy too,
Sound quality is amazing although loudness is decent,
The only bad thing about this is it's lpddr4x ram type as it's not expandable,
Overall at this price range it's really a great deal."
5,"Very good product I like this
Very good for students and office work"
5,"Performance next Level .
Display 16 inch IPS also awesome .
Battery 4-5 hours with normal usage overall best.
Alluminium built body also looks awesome.
Speaker sound is average but sound quility best."
5,"This laptop looks very professional, has a big trackpad and keyboard is ok.
Now if you want to play games this is going to support to a good playable extend. I ran valorant i got average 190-200fps.
The speakers are good (not very loud but enough for netflix/youtube).
Charging wire is 5-6ft at max but then it has great battery and charges very fast so np with that."
5,"best of intel ultra 5 h series
breake thwm intel i7 essay ok
good product thanks flipkart
or lenevo"
5,Excellent performance but battery backup and display is above average not good
5,Bought for basic usage like surfing web and watching videos and for that purpose it serves really good
5,Decent performance and value for money...
5,Best Performing Laptop In This Segment..... Go For It...
5,"Writing review after 15 day of use.It is absolutely incredible product . DIsplay,Built quality ,design everything looks awesome and I just love it."
5,I have selected this laptop based on the features described in the product details and reviews given by other customers....laptop is light weight ...look is awesome...and good for routine work and others.
5,"Works like a beast. It's been 3 months and I have squeezed the juices out if it. Comes with a powerful processor, RAM and SSD. Intel ARC 770 graphics is top notch. I have played 10 AAA games already and is smooth like a beast (of course in medium graphics settings). Battery life is more that what's expected. Speakers are in good range, use VLC for offline viewing. The display is vivid and acceptable for a AAA gaming experience. There was a glitch with the audio driver but was resolved when re...
READ MORE"
5,"I recently purchased this laptop, and my experience has been exceptional. The build quality is robust, and the performance is top-notch, thanks to its powerful processor and ample RAM. The display is crisp and vibrant, making it perfect for both work and entertainment. Battery life is impressive, lasting through a full day of usage without needing a recharge. The keyboard is comfortable to type on, and the trackpad is responsive. Overall, this laptop offers great value for its price. Highly r...
READ MORE"
5,till now looks good
5,"This laptop display quality very good and good performance in ultra 125h processor ,and buy on desara sales very low prize in laptop TQ u flipkart"
5,Useful
5,Nice products
5,Good Product No Issues
5,very happy with this product
5,This is wonderful 👍👍
5,Excellent Product
5,Vari good
5,Nice 👍 value of money 💰
5,GREAT PRODUCT
5,Good but battery 🔋 is low performance
5,Good product for its price range
5,"Got it in BBD for 46500.
Performance is better. Battery backup
Is not upto the mark.
Design if also good seems it is metal body. Touchpad is mindblowing. By using three fingers u can Minimize and Maximize, or scroll by two fingers.
Value for Money product."
5,Excellent purchase..
5,"Value of money, very good laptop"
5,"Superb laptop
Amazing"
5,Very good product i am very very happy..thankyou flipcart
5,Such a nice laptop. In my opinion it's the best one. Happy to have this as my first pc.
5,awesome performance and overall worth of money...go for it 😍
5,Nice device
5,Value for money.. Blindly go for it.
5,Its an amazing product.
5,Suitable for office work.
5,Great product... happy with the purchase
5,"Best for coding , camera is decent, but you're need under 35000 in this laptop is best in one laptop for students for coding, typing,web development."
5,"This Product is very good...
Valuable inside
Value for money 💲💲💲


Awesome ....
Top laptop in this price

Very nice"
5,"Writing this review after using this laptop for more than 1 month. Fabulous product, worth for money.
Awesome performance with stable configuration and also at this rate. Can buy the product without any doubts in mind ...."
5,Superb performance .. loving it. 🥰
5,Very nice 🙂🙂 I'm happy
5,Awesome ❤️
5,Nyc products
5,Very good product 😃
5,It's a very good choice in this price range .nice display .and light weight . It also contain ms office lifetime free version .best choice for students and office works .ryzen3 perfomes well and with 256 SSD boots faster .I really like the product
5,"I writing review for this product after same day used. It's really good laptop for all purposes.. attractive design, good performance etc..
On time delivery.. thank you flipkart..😊😊"
5,"Got it at 33000.... Perfect at this price range

Beautiful designed.... beautiful color...u will surely love it
Speed is epic at this price range
Speed is perfectly fine....(little games and all productivity works)
Windows 11 auto updated while i first open it... ❤️
Free office lifetime..."
5,"Very good product.i am cse students so also referred other can bought this product ,🙂👍🏻"
5,Very good laptop under this price and performance is so so better than i expected go for this without any hesitation
5,In this rate segment it's ok. For Normal multitasking and office work. It's my first purchase from my first salary.
5,Very nice product looks good and decent performance for basic use
5,I like the product thnx it's nice
5,"1.This laptop is great product for budget friendly users.
2.Decent for coding.
3.Not recommended for high resolution video editing nor gaming.
4.Good for first time geek user to seek a new computing experience.
5.Value for money 100%."
5,Highly recommended.Thank you flipkart.
5,Very Good
5,Nice product value for money
5,Worth to buy finishing super product
5,ok
5,The performance of the product is very good but the battery capacity needs to be improved. Overall experience is very good.
5,I really happy with my purchase
5,Worthy 12 gb ram 512 laptop is very smoothie lenovo LOQ is ultimate and flipkart safe delivery thank you flipkart delivery guys.laptop quality like a steel grade i love this laptop 🔥
5,Best gaming laptop
5,1 week review: I can't believe how great this laptop is...i just hope it doesn't get damaged and keeps working as it is now
5,"Best laptop at this rate.
Performance wise top class.
Best for any gaming have played many games at high resolution."
5,Good product value for the money in the 30-35k segment!
5,Nice product osm value for money useful for the students
5,value for money 💰💰
5,It's really very amazing and helpful product...its so fast
5,Superb with exchange
5,"Nice laptop , good performance, nice display , battery backup is good ,
Thank you so much flipkart , give me on flipkart pay later emi
Thank you"
5,I am very happy ☺️☺️ when parcel collect to delivery boy .. I can't imagine.. because filpkart pay later money and EMI this facility is very good .. then I am brought the laptop neither I can't buy this product .. Many many thanks to filpkart...
5,"Nyc product with value for money...
Osm for study purpose and coding"
5,"Preformancewise very good. Faster, Nice design"
5,Very happy
5,Budget yet power packed machine
5,Nice product 👌 👍 👏 😀
5,Genuine Product ....
5,amazing more than by expecetion
5,Good for study
5,Excellent product...valve for money
5,"Very Happy with this❤️
Windows 11 little bit buggy hai but laptop is awesome 😌"
5,I got this beast laptop for 60k in big Billion day...and it is giving me a very good experience... gaming with 144hz of refresh rate is giving me just chills🤩
5,So nice laptop... delivery on tym...
5,"If you want to buy this laptop end of 2022, this laptop isn't worth for your money."
5,Best products
5,Best laptop for Trader
5,"Amazing laptop value for money.....💪
Performance 5/5.
Battery 5/5.
Display5/5
Overall super...."
5,"Product is super battery is huge & charges with in 1-1:30 hrs.
Best products B/W this range"
5,I've been using this laptop for the past 1week everything works good and well on this... It's great value for money product...
5,"Go for it if you have budget around 70k
beast when it comes to performance
i use it for coding and gaming
so for no problem whatsoever..
17inch is a added advantage
little bulky but its expected out of gaming laptop
i have searched for more than a month to buy a gaming laptop
then bought this one
i was confused with leneovo ideapad, acer Nitro, pavilion gaming at last overall i think ASUS tuf comes on Top.. with its alround capabilities


hope this helps,,,,!!!!"
5,I am using this laptop from last 1 week and it's work very fine actually i run my Android studio on it and it deployed my code very smooth value for money
5,"Good In every category according to my opinion,
You can Run any software it runs it very smoothly.
🤗 Value for money"
5,The best purchase I have ever done the value of the product is extremely justify by the performance and the features we get in this laptop if you want for professional work and like editing and 3D rendering it is the go to laptop for you and if you are a gamer then definitely it's the best laptop you can buy in this price
5,Superb laptop 🤩
5,Total value for money
5,Loved it 😍😍😍.
5,best laptop ever
5,Super chala bagundhi
5,Top laptop under the price range. Provided windows 11 update. Display and camera could have been better.
5,Good product but battery consumes a lot.
5,Product was good but price little bit high.i am expecting 32000 . But I am happy for this product . And delivery man behaviour was rude
5,I purchased this laptop for my daughter. She loved it very much.
5,I am writing this review after 2 weeks of use . It is extremely powerful laptop 🔥🔥 such a beast and very smooth performance. Temperatures go a bit high but it's ok the cooling system cools it immediately. Loved it.
5,"A worth product at this cost only one problem while gaming on battary it only comes for 1 hour but for gaming you should be on power mode . Display is anti glare and a good display . Performance runs every game at high settings like God of war , resident evil 8 and froza horizon 5 and

Only one word it's beast"
5,"Outstanding performance, Handle heavy things 💪 Easily little heavy But Such A great Machine This is my First Ever laptop which I buy and it is all necessary features that gaming laptop needs"
5,"Performance is awesome
Display is large
Nice touchpad
Sound quality is decent"
5,Worth for money literally beast machine....
5,Gaming beast ❤️
5,"It's Best laptop for gaming with 144hz refresh rate🥵
Just a problem with its speakers, but overall performance is very high it takes constant 300+ fps in Minecraft"
5,You will required to make changes in the settings for the graphic card and sound. By default sound is low and graphics are on AMD mode but if you made settings in DTS: X(Sound ) and Armoury (Graphics) you will get the best-expected results. Sound quality and display quality are not so good I can say it is average.
5,"Bootup + specs in armoury crate given

I would say the laptop is very good but expected atleast ryxen 7 5800 for the money. And upgrading the ram to"
5,Very good.
5,"Lovely product my first own laptop. Before this also I had laptop but it was like family laptop my bro, sis use them but this is owned by me.... Damn product."
5,The laptop is amazing and has good speed. The speaker sound could have been better. The display is alrt. And the no Ms office which is a bit sad
5,Best gaming laptop under 70 thousand
5,All time favorite😍
5,Great experience with this laptop
5,Buy from this seller TBL online if you buy Asus laptop or any then buy from this seller my product was delivered very good thanks TBL online and Flipkart for safe packaging for my laptop
5,Product is excellent
5,I'm a 3d artist so it's value for money for me
5,"Bought a beast...🔥🔥🔥
Don't think just go it u will never regret❣️🤙"
5,"I Am Writing The Review After Using 10 Days. Basically I purchased this laptop in 72k. It's my first laptop or pc, and seriously it's quite good. I am playing games, editing videos and doing much more activities on it. Seriously I found no such as issue in this laptop. It's better life is also very good 3-4 hours. This is really value for money product. I definitely suggest you to purchase it Asus Tuf A17 Ryzen 7 4800h it's a budget pc for gaming, Editing and Multitasking."
5,Value for money 💰 and most reliable laptop 🤪
5,"I love this laptop so much🔥🔥
This is a value for money laptop 🙂👌
Thank you Flipkart or seller🙏🙏"
5,So good laptop
5,Good laptop at the price happy with the purchase
5,Great laptop just go for it !!!!!!
5,Over all my opinion is best for around 70k budget battery backup is 7-8h for other work and 3.5h to 4h while play game performance is awesome 👍
5,"Display: 4.5/5
Performance: 4.5/5
Battery: 4.5/5
Sound: 2/5
Thermals: 4/5

Pretty well cooled with stock thermal paste.

60+ FPS in every game I tried which includes
Witcher 3, AC Valhalla, Battlefield, GTA V

Worth buying in every aspect."
5,Battery Backup is the only concern 😟
5,Gud
5,LOQ IS A BEAST PC
5,"Perfomance is good
I bought it for 49k after applying bank offer .
Battery life is an issue . Only 3-4 hrs battery life but charging speed is good . I have purchased it for my btech
Multitasking 5/5
Speakers 3/5
Build quality 4/5
Performance 5/5
Display 5/5
Thermals 5/5
Battery 3/5
Keyboard experience 5/5
Value for money 5/5
I haven't tested any games so I can't say about gaming but it can handle multiple programmes running at same time . And go for 16gb Ram model there is 2k price diff ...
READ MORE"
5,Very good product in use and speed
5,This is the best product for students
5,Good Product
5,Value for money product under 55 k
5,Over all good Laptop!
5,"The laptop is good, speakers are good, display is good too, and GPU is great too.According to price the value is good too. Do not expect much flashy design the design is simple and subtle, keyboard has single color rgb means single color will appear on whole keyboard layout, but there are color options too."
5,amazing product from acer. love it
5,Cheapest RTX laptop with 16gigs of RAM right now. Worth buying!
5,"Looks good till now,i hope this remains good for next few years. Will update review after 1 month. After a lot of research for 1 month with budget in mind,i bought this. You can go for it without any second thought. I am very impressed.😍"
5,"Highly premium feel of laptop, display is good , battery back is good , sound is loud and clear , finger print sensor gives good feel"
5,Feels very premium when using. It is a very useful laptop. Brand Samsung👌🏻
5,Nice product my sumsang laptop good performance thanks
5,"All is well good product
I'm very happy 🥰🤗"
5,"After using this product for 15 days, I can confidently share my personal opinion: it's an all-rounder in its price range! I highly recommend giving it a try. The product has exceeded my expectations, and I believe it offers exceptional value for the price. Don't hesitate, go for it!"
5,"This is really best product, i received from Flipkart, thank u for safely and timely delivery
Samsung galaxy Book 4 is awesome laptop, feeling premium metal finish, lightweight also
Backlit keyboard is just cool , display is also great, nice, sound is better, look li
ke just WOW ❤️"
5,Excellent product quality
5,"Good product value for money
profact for students"
5,This product for high level programming and gaming It Give you 150 160 fps in valorant Nice product
5,To be honest i really loved the product it is beast value for money it's just soo gooood 🔥
5,Beast indeed just upgrade ram to 16 gb ...u can run any game In ultra..
5,This product was excellent 👌 👍😊✌️✌️
5,"I purchased this MSI laptop as I wanted something with 8 cores and a decent GPU but did not want to go over 80K. Performance has been good so far, the CPU gets quite warm under full load but tweaking around a bit with the power/current/voltage settings helped drop the temperatures down to under 75 C whereas previously it would go 90+. I lost around 10% performance in the process but the drop in temperature is worth the slight performance trade-off.

Here's how I rate the device:

- Performanc...
READ MORE"
5,Really nice and zero lagging
5,This product is very good. Runs very well.
5,This is one of the best laptop i have ever used with a fantastic performance
5,Best laptop in this range you can run almost any game 😉 I use it for Programming and animation stuff it works fluently
5,It's value for money best in this price range
5,"Probably the best gaming laptop for this range, go for it🔥"
5,This Product is my one of the best choice.
5,Excellent Performance
5,Laptop is very nice... But battery backup is not so much good.... But I like the laptop performance.
5,"Lovely product one the best laptop in the price range and very light

Very much delighted by the service and the weight"
5,Excellent purchase. So far it's working like a charm.
5,Best laptop at this price range. Very smooth performance and looks premium.
5,Best in price renge good product
5,Absolutely fantastic laptop for work.Good battery life and nice performance.
5,"Very balanced product from all aspects. Good display, good battery backup, decent process, great design and good camera and features."
5,Just awesome ✨
5,Everything is good.
5,Excellent..
5,"Great specs, great price and decent performer. There's a peculiar issue that I found though, the display driver crashes when trying to play a media in browser."
5,Better than Mac for Accounts and Audit professionals.
5,"Absolutely Terrific! A premium look that stands out for sure. Dynamic Amoled touchscreen display by Samsung is a distinctive factor that no other brand can match. And thank you Flipkart for your timely delivery. A must buy if you are looking for a premium, lightweight laptop with unique features."
5,"This was one of my favourite series and i love the tuf A-17 i got it today i haven't tested its full potential!
So i will update it later after i test its potential"
5,Amazing laptop by asus
5,Very impressive product
5,Good product good condition well packed 👍🏽
5,"Best laptop for student
Value for money
And this is Google laptop
This is worth it laptop
Handy and light weight"
5,"Thanks for so much ❤️🤝
This is very nice 👍"
5,Osm products ❤
5,"Honestly, This product is value of money. If you are a beginner blogger or a student then this Chromebook is best for you."
5,Very good chromebook from Asus in tablet price range.
5,"Handy, smart, lightweight device. Good processing speed, fare battery back-up. Perfect for students for online study/classes. Value for money bcz students can easily get rid off using mobile prolong for online classes these days. For me its better than tabs."
5,"Really helpful product!
A great job by ASUS and Google!
In this price range none other offers this much features…..really loved it!"
5,Perfect Laptop for business purposes
5,"2 cents:. Suggest to buy wireless Logitech m235 mouse with Chromebook, makes it so easy to operate.
Google apps like photos and finance work great.
Microsoft excel and word are online ones."
5,"Nice product but display not upto the mark.
Good for students . Cant use for taxation,tally,excel."
5,"This laptop is a great all rounder, many other laptops come with a cheaper price tag with the same specifications compared to this, but this takes the spot due to its excellent build quality and form factor

Of course it's not a gaming laptop, its a home/productivity laptop and it checks all the boxes of what i wanted out of it

Portability, Battery life, 14 inch IPS screen, solid webcam, silent/cool performance and again excellent build quality"
5,"good performance ,"
5,"Pros :

Intel core i3 13th gen - Superb performance and booting within seconds.
Display - Cristal Clear display.
Design - Metallic body, Very slim and light weight. Feels like a premium laptop.
Battery - Fast charging and good battery backup. C type charger.
Samsung applications and Bixby support is there.

Cons :

Trail version McAfee antivirus. Need to buy after trail period.
Speaker sounds very low.
It's comes with UHD Intel graphics. But in Flipkart product specs it's showing intel iri...
READ MORE"
5,Awesome 👍🏻
5,"Needed a basic laptop , After lot of visits to showrooms and getting quotes , took a leap of faith on book 4 ,i3 version, eventhough I haven't seen it in person and when it arrived , it looked and felt stunning , Display is top notch , slim profile looked premium,backlit keyboard and finger print sensor is great in the budget , 'll update further after using it for few weeks"
5,Best laptop under 35k
5,best
5,"This is Absolutely best laptop..
Build quality is awesome display super and performance also good Feels Premium laptop..
And samsung brand Eco system also really good..
I am writing this review after 20 days of usage Really smooth No heating Really good one.....😍😊"
5,"Purchased it for my dad who uses it for daily tasks such as Office tasks, online banking etc. Perfect for such tasks. Loved the all metal body design and keyboard."
5,"No hang laptop for office work, and daily use
Beats apple in terms of design
Samsung apps are fantastic for ecosystem
Satisfied with price"
5,Premium and very good product. Dispointed for late delivery. Other than fine
5,Good product at this price 👌
5,"The best laptop under 35k it's impressed by looks and designed, performance also good
It's worth to buy for students work
Go for it without any doubt"
5,"Good product, don't be carried away by some bad reviews, this is a gaming laptop so don't expect a very good battery and even if it had one the battery consumption would be high due to graphic card. The graphic card performance is decent (Value for money tho) you get around 50-60 fps in warzone (ultra settings + dlss (ultra) ) and around 55-65 in PUBG basically it can run all tripe A title games in playable fps but don't try ray tracing tho. Make sure you install the game ready driver from ge...
READ MORE"
5,Battery lasted longer than my first relationship (2 days). Listening to arijit singh songs on full volume since then still isn't getting over. Has more warmth than her. unlike her there's two way communication here as touchpad is very responsive. fingerprint lock is nice as it only opens up to me. 5 stars for this -1 for shreya
5,"It's was a great machine they have 144hz display
8.5/10 thank you"
5,Very good 👍
5,"Great 👍
I Got it for 45k
Nice looks"
5,Just buy it performance is excellent💯
5,Awsm laptop loved it
5,"Best laptop with i5 12 gen H-series processor and RTX 2050 is a beast at this price point
I am happy with my purchase."
5,"This is my first lap buying for me , so im very curious to buy a good one.and i found so many choices, but for this price range this looks so value for money, multitasking, quality, performance excellent.i will recommend acer aspire 7 .. go for it guys."
5,"I recently got my hands on the Acer Aspire 7 Core i5 12th Gen A715-76G Gaming Laptop and I must say, it's been quite the experience. The laptop's powerful Core i5 12th Gen processor paired with 8 GB RAM ensures smooth multitasking, even with demanding applications.

The inclusion of a 512 GB SSD significantly enhances loading times and responsiveness, which is crucial for gamers and professionals alike. Windows 11 Home adds a sleek, user-friendly interface to the mix.

The real star here, how...
READ MORE"
5,Best laptop you must buy it.
5,"Here is my review after using my laptop for almost 7 months.
It is a nice and powerful laptop i have tried different software played different games. I feel no lag in all of this ,i purchased 16gb variant and is working very well without any problem.
The speakers are decent it is good according to me I don't feel low volume in it.
screen size and display quality is also good.
Graphics card perform very well.
keyboard size and backlit is good.
For normal use it don't heats at all .
In t...
READ MORE"
5,VERY NICE LAPTOP
5,Good laptop for trading and createar
5,Very Good Laptop 😍
5,The build quality is good. Overall performance is also good. Battery capacity is on an average 2.5-3 hrs. Btw happy with this laptop.
5,Two days it's worked fine after that not working.No value for money
5,"If you are looking for Personal browsing and just a Internet access device !!

Go for it !! Google echo system is just the best suited for people who have browsing reading and listening to music kind of behaviour.

Not for those who do hardcore work !! Best for those who will use it as a personal device ."
5,Good for online classes
5,GOOD AND COMPACT
5,"I have been using Chromebook for almost 10 years. Before buying this, we imported from USA.

This is excellent for kids. It's way better than tablet. Good build quality. As usual chrome OS is lag free. Since chrome os is extremely light weight when compared to windows. So even on low processor you can get lag free experience.

Now this Chromebook is supporting all android apps, so it's extremely powerful machine for this price range.

For Rs.999 you will get 3 complete protection.

This i...
READ MORE"
5,Decent ! Suitable for online class students
5,"I bought it yesterday, one thing I can say for sure that its battery backup is amazing and its best for daily usage and its strictly not for heavy usage. If your whole work system is based on google, then it works perfectly fine. In windows os, battery drains faster, but in chrome os, it works charm."
5,Best under this range u can also do coding in it
5,"I am very impress for this little one.
I ordered for my little child but l am using this one.
It cost little but done great work in this online world..
Must buy and use as a great Laptop."
5,Good product very nice 👍🙂
5,Best than i expected 👌
5,"Battery too good, It Feels Premium😍, If you are looking for it .
just go for it.
Overall no competition 🔥🔥🔥
All specification are too much Good 😇🤩
# Fingerprints available ✅️✔️
#Back-lit keyboard available ✅️✔️"
5,Very nice product.
5,"The Laptop feels very durable.
It is a very light and sleek laptop.
Samsung's feel and touch just amazing 😉
Battery backup is pretty awesome.

I bought it for Rs. 36,308/-
The only thing that I don't like, the RAM is not expandable
Otherwise it is a good deal in this price..."
5,Best go with out a doubt
5,"I got this below 35k.
Excellent product and performance.
As expected.
i3 processor - so as like the processor.
Battery life is very good but takes a long time to fully charge.
No question about the design and feel.
For daily office work this is the best option with style.
I mainly used canva (online )for my office work and design and this is well capable.
Please go for it.
💯 Recommended product.
After using it for 1 month I am waiting for review."
5,Totally worth it at this price segment there is no competition of this laptop must buy if looking for i3 processor display design overall everything is amazing 😍 even the battery performance is so satisfying
5,Beautiful n stylish design 😍.. without a thought go for
5,Best laptop ever !!! Sleek and comfortable !! Better thn any mac or highly configured systems !! Especially super slow windows 10
5,Very Good product at this price point if you are student. 👍
5,Best battery life
5,"Giving this review after 8 days of usage.
I bought this Laptop instead of buying a tablet for attending online classes.
Good battery and user friendly.
The 1st one which I bought was having display problem hence returned it. Later ordered new one and I'm satisfied with this one.
At this price range it's a good one for children"
5,Beast
5,Configuration is Good
5,Wonderfull laptop worth it
5,Best laptop in its category 💪❤️
5,Really awesome product in this price.
5,Its performance is very good and it's gpu comes with 75w of tgp which is gonna be good in gaming/high performance task
5,Super laptop very nice 👍
5,Performance is ok but sometimes the games start to lag bcoz the gpu doesn't starts running .... Else the product is ok for a student for coding playing games and editing videos ....
5,"I got the laptop 2 days ago. The laptop is amazing , the screen , the power which the laptop provides are all amazing
The battery lasts longer than other gamming laptop.
I am a student so i mostly do coding and use internet so i just turn of the gpu so i get to use the laptop for around 4hrs .
The quality of the product is amazing"
5,"Its a Gud laptop on the this price range (50k) , Build quality of Laptop is awesome. My all Data and programming related works runs as butter on this machine ."
5,"Good product worth it

Definately buy it"
5,"i bought it this beast in big billion day sale for the coding purpose and casual gaming , it does the job. i can't find the better deal than this. does all my work pretty fast with great specs .

beast performance at this price"
5,"Very good laptop for Students and gamers who just start gaming . Battery is also good for a gaming laptop. If you want to get more battery backup from this turn the graphic card off and all the power effective mode should be on and display should be at 60hz. This will give you on an average screen time of 3.5 to 4 hours at full charge.
For gaming it is also very good for the price point."
5,Good product
5,Worth the money
5,Excellent
5,Awesome
5,Nice products thank you flipkart
5,Awasome laptop
5,"This is a legendry thing
Its tchpad is so sensetive its keyboard ar also just awesome but average you can buy this very good product at all"
5,"Keep hangs after 25 to 30 minutes of use. and restart is the solution and CTRL-SHIFT-R not solving always.

Any one has similar issues ?"
5,"Ideal for your small needs at a low price. One drawback is that the screen is small, but you can rest assured that the price is low. Works with focus on Google Chrome. So the tea you get on the tester or laptop when using other browsers Features not available. This is similar to what a typical mobile browsing application looks like when set to desktop mode"
5,Very very happy flip card
5,Only good for web browsing purpose
5,Satisfied 😊
5,"Good product.
Value for money..
Please go a"
5,What a great performance in this price point
5,Worth
5,Purchase it a very nice product from ASUS
5,"It is light in weight and very handy for carrying, especially for the students. Good and and smart"
5,Amazing product
5,Best price
5,Good processor media tak for online ms office not good working
5,"Good product
Battery backup is good
Display length and wide is good"
5,Best quality product in the year this price range
5,"Verry good 👍
Battery 🔋 long lasting
Parformenc ok"
5,Good looking laptop performance wise beast😊
5,Value for money product i would say under 60k rtx3050 6gb and i5H is a very good specs with these specs performance is very good 4.5/5 i would say and also very good display 144hz good for gaming. Only one thing that battery drains very fast its a gaming laptop so like every gaming laptop battery drains fast other wise under 60k its a very good choice.
5,Stopped working after 5 days of purchase. Doesn't even show login screen.
5,Best laptop ever
5,It is the perfect windows laptop for office purposes. As mentioned by others the only missing piece is the fingerprint sensor.
5,"Great Display Quality
Very Good Battery Backup
Nice specs according to the price range"
5,"Performance 4.5
Audio 3.5
Battery 4
Display 5
For regular use its best of best"
5,"Display is awesome,overall good 👍"
5,Nice product very useful
5,"My first laptop mind blowing purchase......
For Stock Market Trading......."
5,"Just amazing.
Performance is very good."
5,"Best laptop this price segment ❤️❤️🤘
This is my first laptop"
5,Its really awesome👍👏😊......
5,Nice product ☺️
5,"Value for money
Battery drained fast"
5,Thin and light laptop. And value for money.
5,this is awesome perfect for office work
5,Overall very good experience but it's a bit top heavy because of touch screen and metal lid. Fit and finish is excellent.
5,"Performance was amezing...🏆
Battery drained very fast...🪫
Display was good... Brightness little low but good for office work 💻
Value for money laptop 💻🏆
In this budget best laptop for office work 💻🏆 i3 processor 11 generation 🔥🔥"
5,Very very good laptop i am VERY happy 9 yeras old asus company 2 laptop allready
5,Over all product is good little bit disappointment in battery nd display side reaming all things are ok. Good for day to day tasks.
5,"Fully satisfied with the product❤️.
I recommend it for Basic use"
5,Just amazing wow this asus vivobook is amazing PC with fast performance fhd display and value of money . Super laptop in this price range. Thanks to #flipkart for good package delivery product was amazing and in good condition. This is the best performance budget laptops for work job and everyone. Just go for it. I love #Asus brand 💕 at this price range this is best pc as compared to the other brands like hp dell
5,"awesome in its category... got at 26k with all offers...thnku flpkrt... good for all basic day to day work, specially for students... no issue after 01 week use... bttry is point of concern rest fine..."
5,Very nicely and smooth working
5,"See I am a buyer from Himachal pardesh it took 8 days to deliver but that was due to a strike in this region the laptop is sooooo sooooo sooooo good fingerprint scanner is soo fast just tap on it and it recognises the screen is also superb and you won't believe that it runs gta 5 in 720 p very very smoothly ni need of fps count cause it's not necessary game runss super fast even can play in 1080 p but a minon lags are seen but the game is even playable by al means it's superb laptop should go...
READ MORE"
5,Best laptop for this price.build quality not bad.Antiglare display comes with eye care protection technology that's good for me. Battery backup is good.
5,Fingerprint sensor iss to fast
5,Awesome. Really happy with the product. It is an absolute substitute for a laptop to do light tasks. Very useful when you are travelling.
5,Awesome Product. Loved it
5,Perfect. Just Perfect. This can replace ur laptop for office use/ studies or light day to day work that we do on Web Application (Desktop version )U can play Android games too.. BGMI in medium high graphics. COD on High setting. Snapdragon 7 series ARM chip is perfect for a mix of ur phone task and laptop task. A perfect machine 4 ur work on go
5,Perfect for a student and office works and display and battery life are just amazing
5,Awsome 👍👍
5,Really Good
5,Value For Money 🤑
5,"Battery performance is not well , even we said that there is too weird battery performance, otherwise laptop is awesome.
Performance, looks are great. Definitely purchase."
5,"Good laptop for coding. If you are looking for to run android studio, go for it with 16gn ram. Its running makkhan. Thanks to i5 12th gen processor. Battery is average. While charging, rhe charging connector area get hot as it is slim.Except Everything is fine"
5,"Everything is good, except battery performance"
5,Great product as well as open pack delivery makes trust make the product and online shopping experience great.. overall till now I'm using this laptop without any problem and great performance.
5,It is good but battery and sound was low
5,"Laptop is excellent,purchased during sale at 44k
Till now running smoothly at this price point."
5,"Awesome laptop, satisfied with this product i love it💜"
5,Nice Laptop for Day to Day tasks ! Performance is Good.
5,Very good product i love it
5,"Laptop screen quality is not good as aspects. .
Overall best laptop in 36k segments with ms office"
5,Asus laptop vivobook 15 one is the best laptop.❤️💐
5,"The laptop is simply awesome, pretty fast processor, smoothly working,
The designing is quite premium segment,
Overall a very good product at this price range,
Screen could be better,
Battery backup is good but it could've better."
5,Very nice product 👈👍👍
5,One of the best company of laptop is ASUS
5,Simply nice💯
5,"The perfect one piece of modern times
Everything that's required is in it already 👍😀"
5,"I have been using this laptop for a week now, and it has surpassed my expectations in many ways. One aspect that has impressed me is its incredibly fast startup time, taking only 5-7 seconds, while the shutdown time is equally remarkable at just 2-3 seconds. Another great feature is that it comes pre-installed with the latest version of Windows, Windows 11, and MS Office 2021, ensuring that I have the most up-to-date software to enhance my overall productivity.

Including a fingerprint sensor...
READ MORE"
5,"Great laptop at this price, don't expect great battery backup, battery lasts only around 3-4 hours max, Performance is amazing, I bought 8gb variant accidentally and opening laptop to upgrade ram will void warranty as there are stickers on certain points
Played GTA, God of war, spider man all gave 50+ fps with 8gb ram
Gaming is quite not possible in battery mode, game starts lagging you need to connect it to power to play
Overall great laptop, but don't buy 8gb variant"
5,Awsome Laptop at 53999 Go for it ... Sound quality was A+ best .
5,Great product for the student and official work not for gamer
5,"Nice laptop
I like it"
5,Very good product value for mon
5,The product is very good awesome 💯💯💯💯
5,Good performance if you
5,Very good laptop in the segment
5,Very Nice product but rate is to much
5,"Best Option for Beginners like Accounting Excel, word learning and Work And Browsing also
Iam totally Satisfied with This My first' Laptop 👍"
5,Very good performance I am satisfied this product thanks to Flipkart
5,Nice very much
5,This product is very good. Value for money. Thank you Flipkart. I recommend to buy this product
5,"Awesome product...
Worth ever penny....👌
Thank you Flipkart l ..😊"
5,"Osm product and battery life is very good
It is good for study uses and for work uses"
5,"Everything is very good
But battery drain fast"
5,Sir absulatly is too good sir wow 💯🙏
5,Good for
5,"Awesome Laptop. Lenovo Chromebook is best and it's very stylish compact and affordable. I bought it for 14000 it's total value for money. I do software development and it is good for it except Android development it works fine for Web, C, C++, Java, Kotlin.
Great laptop. I loved it. I recommend you to buy it as it's pretty good. Thanks Flipkart."
5,Great machine for regular use. I got the 8/128 config. Remember it's a 720HD display and a FHD one as it says in the product images.
5,Worth it
5,Easy to use very budget friendly ☺️
5,"Nice 👍
Affordable
very much nice 👍👍👍👍👍 look is so premium... And slim buy it .. you can play 4k video"
5,Super quality with this price tag.. Satisfied with this product 😊
5,Good products
5,Brilliant Laptop Mind-blowing
5,Fantastic product in this price point with also a trusted brand.
5,"NICE LAPTOP BUT WHILE SETUP IT TOOK LOT OF INTERNET ABOUT 4 GB TO SET UP ALL NECESSARY APPS
VALUE FOR MONEY"
5,👌🏻👌🏻Awesome Product 👌🏻👌🏻
5,Super Chromebook
5,Value for money products 👍
5,A perfect combination of style with practicality and build quality. Super smooth and premium experience. Value for money
5,"First of all thanks to Flipkart and then to Acer.
The laptop was not turned on.
Flipkart immediately contacted acer customer care and resolved the issue. Recommendable and excellent laptop from acer."
5,Absolutely very good product by Acer only there is no shutter camera but after all Performance is best and battery backup is decent value for money laptop under 42k.
5,"Worth buying, I bought this laptop at 47260 which was good deal for me. I bought it for coding not for gaming so, running multiple projects at the same time , does not lag the system. I recommend this laptop. Mouse touch pad sometimes does not sense the click when you are click near to boundry of touchpad ."
5,Very good laptop cyberpunk play flawless awesome graphics must buy without think awesome
5,"Vamos Argentina 🙌 vamos acer go 🙌
I'm really happy to have acer family. I loved it laptop"
5,"Coding, gaming all are running smoothly 🔥 with 16 gb ram it will perform even better 👌 I'm totally satisfied 🙏"
5,"Very good laptop at this price
It is true that its speaker is sound is low.
But overall best laptop at this price.
I am B.Tech C.S. student. So I bought it for coding purpose and basic video editing.
At a time I am confused between aspire 7 12 gen and 13 gen. But at last I bought this laptop because its reveiws are great and it havet thunderbolt 4 port, fingerprint sensor and look of noraml laptop thats why I bought this so I suggest you definitely buy this if generation doesn't matter mea...
READ MORE"
5,"Perfomance is good
I bought it for 49k after applying bank offer .
Battery life is an issue . Only 3-4 hrs battery life but charging speed is good . I have purchased it for my btech
Multitasking 5/5
Speakers 3/5
Build quality 4/5
Performance 5/5
Display 5/5
Thermals 5/5
Battery 3/5
Keyboard experience 5/5
Value for money 5/5
i have tested Free Fire and Valorant excellent gaming performance 😍❤️"
5,All good except battery backup
5,"Working great, performance wise. Battery not too great. Body is not military grade. Display is really good, but i dont what happened, some couple of times, i noticed flickering of screen, which resolved automatically."
5,I love this
5,"Best product ,value for money.
Used plastic could be better."
5,Vallu for money but y not hard working or multiple work same time
5,"It's very nice laptop. It's comes with RTX 2050 but the look is not like a gaming laptop i brought this because of this reason. It's design is like an office laptop but it comes with RTX 2050.very good laptop at this price. One thing i dont like on this laptop is the grill for air out is ln the display side. When playing high graphics games for a longer time will heat the display at right bottom side, but it doesn't damage and there is no harm for the display. Remember RTX 2050 is inside so ...
READ MORE"
5,Laptop is amazing 😍 and performance is very very good 😊 but battery back up is 3-4 hours overall product is very good
5,"Reviewing after 1 month. It's Very nice laptop as per the budget. Before talking about goods let's see the bad side.
Heating issue on heavy tasks.
For high performance I always need to plug the charger
Battery drains fast
Has only 1 Slot for the
Good one ;
Lightweight, minimalist laptop
Can edit vids up to 4k with limited layers smoothly
Smooth Gta V experience.
Gives performance"
5,"Best product, Smooth, Good Display"
5,Laptop is best for students and official works
5,Worth money
5,Amazing laptop cost effective good performance great screen
5,Most beautiful laptop very so much flipkart online products😎😍😘
5,True VFM product
5,Nice product..... Value for money ......
5,Not even the top brands are providing this much with such a reasonable amount. Amazing
5,Nice pic
5,Nice product from Flipkart
5,"High performance ⚡️
Ryzen 7 ❤"
5,"Good at this price range, especially the Ryzen 7 processor."
5,"Worth buying
But it is not for gaming.
Even though we can play games of small size"
5,Nice product at this price range
5,Wonder full laptop
5,Great product in Flipkart
5,Good quality products
5,"Just Wow! Got it under deal. If you need a laptop just for internet, then great"
5,Good 😊
5,"I wasn't very satisfied with the kind of display, the keyboard and the touchpad, aren't up to the mark.

But value for money nice performance, storage..."
5,"It's been 1 week after getting this. I brought this for Video editing, graphic designing, it's working fine for me. I use premiere pro, after effects.
I'm getting average of 68 FPS in Ghost of tsushima in Highest setting, and 80 FPS in GTA V.
Accesories which I got for free is actually nice.
I'm just worried about after sale service.

Although the laptop is best in budget segment. Just go for it."
5,Playing RDR2 smooth without any issue
5,"Good performance
Awesome for this price range
Must buy"
5,"The order was slightly delayed , but the laptop didn't disappoint. For the price it goes it's an absolute steal , the performance has been great for me , can't confirm about the build quality because I just got it few days ago but mine had no defects and the build seems quite sturdy . Overall i would rate it 9/10 would recommend."
5,"Nice product according to price.
Value for money."
5,Yes good and performance Like A Aeroplane
5,"Absolutely value for money
Check boxes ticked in all the parameters, 1st in class
Great for home use or office use
Only 2 cons, the battery backup is really low and the sound is low - can not use it without headphones"
5,Great value as per price
5,"Value for money, Exllent performance, good battery but speaker sound is low."
5,Review after 2 month use. Brought for coding. working well. As everyone says i also add battery and sound not up to mark.
5,"Good laptop in this price range.
Cons: low sound , heating much
These cons are Ok , we are not spending too much"
5,It's amazing performance and display screen brightness is very comfortable to eye. Overall good for everyone except Gaming. Overall very good
5,I've been using it for a couple of weeks. I feel it's worth the money it's paid for.
5,"Overall more than happy with the product, performance and price"
5,Happy with the product..best for students😊
5,"After 15 days of use, I have to give these reviews on overall Quality, Performance, Design good light in weight as well especially safe delivery from Flipkart..happy customer"
5,Excellent performance. good laptop. Use a cooling pad for heat issues. Battery backup depends on the type of use. It will give you Lite use 3-5 hrs backup and heavy usage 1 to 2 hrs backup. The display is very good but not IPS.
5,Very Very nice
5,"Ryzen7 High'Performance for multitasking with
Good battery backup 🔥"
5,Love this product... worth it....value for money....Thanks flipcart family ✨✨💖
5,This is laptops very useful for college students and it is good work for coding
5,Mind blowing performance!
5,Amazing Product😎🤯
5,Really good at this price I mainly used it for coding and runs like butter.
5,Good product thank you so much
5,"Absolutely Amazing...slim, lightweight and ample battery life to last half a day. Ryzen 7 gives a smooth performance. Flipkart delivery within 24 hours was icing on the cake. Thanks HP and Flipkart."
5,Great performance in the budget.
5,Superb qualtiy
5,Good pro
5,"Review after one week use
It's really value for money product ✌️
Full Paisa wasul product

* I am a programmer my uses
1.use VS Code,Anaconda, CodeBlocks,PyCharm,GitHub...etc
2. Play GTA 5 ....or others games in full graphics
3. Display quality is perfect you can play 4k video
4. You can't expect too much things with long battery backup"
5,"Best for gaming
I play every game on this laptop
Far cry 6, gta5, and many more
No problem at all😇
Premiere pro, photoshop, blender no issues
Budget laptop"
5,Best Laptop at 45k...
5,"Best gaming laptop you can buy in this price segment . But few things you have to consider
The battery life is pretty low and it's Wight is 2.3kg .
Although other things are superb 🔥🔥"
5,Amazing laptop worth each and every paisa build quality is very very top notch and good support of 1 hdd 2 m.2ssd and 2 rams with spare parts of each thing good job lenevo bestest of all🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾
5,Very good laptop. And all features and everything was very nice.
5,Value for money. Latest configuration for this price. Open box delivery is very much useful for verifying the product as described in the portal. 1st day review.
5,Overall good the only problem is the heating issue.
5,Excellent product in this price range.
5,"Fully satisfied. Awesome product. Looks, battery backup good other performance also very good. Highly recommended."
5,Good luck 💯
5,All is good in sufficient mon
5,"Awesome Laptop. Cane nicely packed, received it in open box delivery to ensure the authenticity and any damages. Laptop was sealed, no scratches, recently manufactured. Discount received on Flipkart was the best compared to the market price ( almost 9k).

Comes preloaded with Windows and Office ( home)"
5,All is good but battery performance is very poor.
5,"I am writing this review after three months of purchase. Laptop is working fine. I am web developer. Performance is great. Working Fast. The only problem is battery. Battery backup is not longer as I want. Maximum 3 to 3.5 hour after 100% charge.
Over-all good to work"
5,Overall ok
5,"Best Intel i5 Laptop can be used for multi tasking.

Display is very good and response time is very fast.

Body design is very good. Light weight easily can be carried while traveling

Overall a very good laptop by Lenovo"
5,Very nice 👍 thankyou Flipkart
5,"Value for money 👍
All over nice product 😊"
5,"Battery you need to improve.
While gaming u need to connect the charger.
But when u use in normal like ur office work this is going to be the beast in budget."
5,Product is no doubt awesome I bought i5 11th gen for 42k after card discount and in sale.As it's a gaming laptop so battery is ok.weight of the laptop is okay.track pad is little left aligned but nice.Overall a good budget laptop with no screen vobbling just like victus.
5,Good finesh diamond qulaity
5,Go for its a really best laptop
5,"Good product
I am very happy"
5,"Good laptop, good performance"
5,"Writing this review after 5 days of use and i would say I really like this product and i got it at 37k with exchange and other discount.
Let me tell you my perspective gaming was not my priority but why i choose this because based on my research and cost prediction I was getting other i5 laptop within same range,so why not choose a laptop with graphics card??. Secondly upgradbility you can put multiple ssd,hdd which u really can't do with other laptop and it gives you accessories to put SSD ...
READ MORE"
5,"Pros:
i5, 12th gen at right price than competition.
Good performance laptop
Good for causal gaming
Good for office work and students(no hardcore gaming)

Improvements:
Batery
Dedicated graphics card
Material used can be more finish and sturdy
Office can be included"
5,"After 3 months review
Battery backup is just 1 hours on moderate usage
Design is mind blowing . Such a compact and light weight laptop. Very happy with the purchase"
5,"Product is very good. 👍👍
Battery 🪫🪫👎👎.
Performance very good 👍👍👍.
I suggest for you company MSI
But small issue for charging type C Want .But it's okay .it's was a fast charging .every person have a purchased its product...."
5,Over all performance is good. But open and close of the system is loose
5,"Overall Good laptop in all aspects
A single issue i faced is sound quality is not good
Otherwise Value for money product
You cant find this specification at this price
Go for it"
5,"Nice laptop in this price 😊
But office 2021 is included🤗"
5,Nice laptop for day to day work also for programming and development. Not for running AI Models.
5,Good product and please inform me wich Ms office version or year installed in inbuilt laptop came
5,Very nice and fast. I like it
5,Of first look it's awesome. If u like a plain design then it's best for you. Performance is awesome but there's one problem the battery it's 45wh it would be better if it was 75hw Or more anyways it is a best budget gaming laptop who don't want to invest a large amount of money. Go for it
5,"Performance is outstanding at this price point.
Overall look and build quality is good.
But battery performance is slightly not good is enough for 3-4 hours using."
5,Getting gaming laptop at this price is the best choice.without any doubt buy it .
5,Fabulous.
5,"This variant of Lenovo is really amazing,it's running smoothly with zero lag , Additional Features like Lenovo Vantage let's you explore and monitor your battery and software performance and makes gaming experience fun and it's easy to access all features.The slanted edge on laptop lid gives amazing front look ,over all its best ; you can code and play heavy games with above 40 fps. It really cool laptop because I got it around 42000 /- including credit card.....offer.."
5,Laptop Is Great But Battery Is Low Efficiency 🥲
5,"Exllent performance and amazing gaming performance, quickly active"
5,"Great laptop, just a little heating issue ( that too due to h processor) otherwise full value for money 💰😉 and yes it has backlit keyboard+ ms office free for lifetime 🤛"
5,Worthy
5,Best laptop this price 😊
5,Excellent performance. Excellent laptop
5,Everything is good but heating issues and battery drained around 5 hrs.
5,Best laptop in market
5,"The performance is good, the display is Awesome 👍, The only issue in the battery is full charge - 4 Hour Max because of the Nvidia Graphics Card. The main issue is heating. So please use the cooling pad or laptop stand. Recommended - Ryzem Processor for good performance and battery and heating issues."
5,One of the best laptop budget laptop. Awesome product 👏 slim and light weight.
5,"Best leptop
4 hours+ battery backup
Normal heating like average leptop
Best performance"
5,"I got best deal on Flipkart🥰🥰🥳🥳
Asus vivobook 16x RTX 2050 is true monster we can also play game, also we can do editing,
All is best..
If you're are engineering student you, can buy it blindly.

I'm very happy Thanks to Flipkart for such an excellent deal"
5,"Nice laptop, good performance, good battery. Display brightness is something less than other laptops. Overall it is a good look and good quality product."
5,"Everyone saying that it's worth of money but battery problem ...
But in my point of view it's electronic device no one can guarantee 100% let's see"
5,It's really very good in this price
5,This is a very good laptop. Completely value for money. Performance and design both are good. I am really happy with this purchase.
5,"Performance is too good.
Quality is awesome.
Some kind of less bettry back up but its ok for regular uses.
And important is price is pocket friendly 😊
you can go for it."
5,Best gaming and professional laptop in this range. Only disappointment is that it has little bit less battery backup
5,"After 3 month also , it is fast as new , best laptop in this price"
5,"Value for money product. I got this laptop for 45k with bank offer , the delivery was very safe and genuine , no damage."
5,If u are taking it for Gaming+college works..then go for it😌🔥
5,This is best in segment for gaming and performance
5,Nice only battery backup is low
5,Performance is good 👍👍. But battery backup is not good at all only 4 hrs.
5,"Jst amazing machine.
Performance 10/10
Jst a beast ☣️"
5,"EXCELLENT !!! i bought it for 48k and for that budget this laptop is perfect,If you are looking for a laptop under 50k with casual gaming and video editing,you can go for this one.Battery backup is very bad,ofcourse it is a gaming laptop,You should plug it while gaming for best performance.The front part of the laptop catches very much finger print which makes it look nasty.That is the only problm i faced.Overall im completely satisfied."
5,"It's been a month since I bought this product. Till now, there hasn't been any major issue with this.

Display 4 ⭐
The color combination is good and colors don't fade on rotating the hinge and also the display is not too bright. Although the maximum brightness does feel low while working in actual sunlight.

Battery 3.3 ⭐
The battery drains way too much fast, battery backup isn't too great. It lasts for around 4.5 hrs but that's what you expect from a gaming laptop in this budget. The chargi...
READ MORE"
5,"It's is a best value for money laptop. It ticks all the necessary boxes .It's biggest pro being good performance at this price range. There are some cons as it is a budget laptop, biggest con being it's unreliable battery. Out of the box laptop lasts for 1 to 1.30 hr with casual browsing which is not at all good and the display is 60hrtz with this specific model. But it's ok because of the other things it brings to the table. If the battery efficiency is your primary requirement then this is ...
READ MORE"
5,I love this laptop on this price range it's awesome 😍❣️💯
5,"Best laptop for students and working professionals
Highly recommended 😍😍😍👆🏻"
5,Battery drains really fast. And windows office is not pre-installed just trial version is there.
5,This laptop is good design wise and performance wise. The issue is its battery only. Company said 8 hrs battery backup but it has only 2 to 3 hrs. So battery rating is 2 out 5.
5,Great choice
5,Laptop booting speed is so fast and run smoothly. Processor is very good. Other file and software open so earlier. Loved 😍 this product. Thanks Flipkart
5,An complete all rounder but the battery backup is a little less
5,"ONLY 970GRAMS AND ALSO SUPER FAST , DISPLAY IS ALSO GREAT AND JOYFULL , VERY CUTE LAPTOP... GO FOR IT DON'T THINK MORE.."
5,"Its nice and cool for windows. But linux (fedora/ubuntu) doesn't work well here. For linux, it needs wifi drivers for realtek. And the keypad and touchpad are not working well for linux."
5,Bought laptop nice brand new brand value
5,Super 👍 product.
5,Laptop 💻 is a great 👍 thanks Flipkart build Quality is best
5,Everything is working fine and speed is really good due to i3 processor which is enough for basic usages and I play game like asphalt and gta also.
5,Very nice value for money good performance
5,Good product for delivery
5,Best laptop
5,Good p
5,Nice products build quality is best display is best everything is perfect..
5,Nice 🙂👍
5,"VERY GOOD PRODUCT , SPEED AND BATTERY BACKUP IS GOOD."
5,"This is amazing laptop with a minimum price .
Price is worth for it .
Speed and battery performance is
very good"
5,Comfortable in use and good design
5,I bought this 1 month back and it absolutely awesome in performance i'm using for video editing and gaming this cover both very well. last game i played spiderman remastered it will run butter smooth and also in video editing i'm editing 4k videos and it will handle very well so overall we can see the price this is worth it..
5,It is good laptop for those who are excited to play more games
5,Overall quality best
5,quite good as expected
5,"As far as the gaming capabilities concerned, this laptop has only one (1) RAM slot. Everything else is great 👍"
5,The product is very good. It has two ram slots and two nvme ssd slots. Even though the task manager and cpuz shows only one ram slot present. Fan is loud during gaming. Battery seems to drain fast which might vary according to users. Build quality is good.
5,Good laptop 👍
5,This laptop is overall worth for money 💥.. Performance and speed is very good.. But audio is little low... Otherwise for your money 💯worth it😍
5,This product is awesome for this price range you can manage all your tasks in lightning ⚡ speed
5,NICE SPEED FOR THIS LEPTOP GREAT DEAL WITH FLIPKART
5,"I purchased it by exchanging it with my previous laptop, the laptop works awesome with battery life 5-6 hrs for daily tasks and
3-4 hrs on heavy tasks. I ran ANSYS, Matlab and solidworks on this machine all work fine and too good.
The display is very good so is the build quality.
Must have given 90hz refresh rate but it feel fine without it due to smooth and color rich display..

The biggest positive is battery and weight of the laptop. Simply feels nothing on my backpack and is even lighter...
READ MORE"
5,"This laptop, powered by an H-series i5 processor, delivers excellent performance for multitasking and heavier tasks. The display is sharp and vibrant, enhancing both work and entertainment. A nice surprise was the pre-installed Microsoft Office, even though it wasn't listed in the details. While the sound is average, overall, the laptop offers solid value for its price. Perfect for and students."
5,Just owsm
5,"5 Out of 5
and Surprisingly MS OFFICE were Provided
Really Great Experience
THANK YOU ACER!"
5,This is my first ever laptop and don't know much about laptops. Laptop design is very nice slim and sleek. I like it's features and performance. Battery backup is okayish. I got a very nice deal through Flipkart.. only one thing is that delivery was very late. Otherwise it is great experience
5,Such the best laptop... great product delivery experience ever...
5,This product is great features and nice look and design and slim look ... Battery amd other performance i will update after few months
5,Nice product overall
5,"At first, I underestimated it and then after doing multi tasking and playing hard games it's really amazing. Especially build quality 🔥🔥"
5,Brilliant product but a bit of heating problem
5,Overall laptop is fine... Light gaming preferred. It's heating a bit.. But fine with performance.. As a customer. I'm completely satisfied for business purpose. It doesn't freeze. Works great with big softwares like Autocad and all.
5,One of the best
5,"Starting with if you are planning to buy an Acer. So the answer is Yes, just go for it. The reason is it will give you all the latest features and the best performance in your budget. I got it in sale for very cheap, cheaper than the budget I had so why not.


Talking about this product. I got it for my daily use, that includes my office, entertainment and gaming. Been using it for more than 3months now, and no issues were faced. I use it for more than 9hrs daily, and the performance is the b...
READ MORE"
5,"Honest review.
Ive been using it since it's release
One of the best budget pc .
In gaming I've player sekiro shadow die twise ,genshin, asphalt, wuwa on max and the performance was awesome in this budget
Utility wise I've trained ai models on it (small ones) and it did pretty great work
Overall worth the money and highly recommended."
5,Best Laptop under 60k
5,"👉Value For Money This Laptop ✓ Under 60k For Heavy Software Work✓✓
👉I will not recommended for students 🙏🙏
👉 Student For Buy Laptop Under 40k"
5,GREATEST OF ALL TIME LAPTOP THANKU FLIPKART FAN GOOD WORKING
5,Good product. Only problem is built quality. Screen shakes under fan.
5,"Performance is great!
Battery is ok
Design is superb
Display is good."
5,"Very Cute Laptop 💻💻 😻😻
very light weight🔥🔥
superfast Speed .🔥🔥
The display is amazing The colours reproduction is also amazing for every scenario.👌👌
Front facing web cam is average.😊
I got McAfee Antivirus security at very reasonable price with this laptop for one year at the time of activation.😍😍
and rest everything is wonderful in this laptop 😍😍👍👍"
5,"A really balanced product. Lightweight as well as powerful. Even it has good battery backup which I didn't expected. Only downside is the speakers are not loud as its positioned sidewise.

Greatvalue for money indeed."
5,"I'm very impressed with design, laptop is so comfortable for day to day, and performance, battery, everything is fine and working well."
5,"Too good and sound quality also good, graphics also good. Very light weight and all over can say...too good... battery backup is also best"
5,Excellent business laptop
5,"Lightweight, fast processor and value for money. Go for it.👍"
5,Excellent performance.Thank you.
5,Worth it 🔥
5,Performance is good 🙂.
5,Best laptop under 65k
5,Best laptop under 65000 but battery is not reliable for working person but for a student it's game changer 😀😀😀
5,"if u dont have any option left after sorting and doing research on various laptops And u get this, eyes closed go for it. Great deal if its under 60k. I love it. I had several doubts before cuz of no reviews but I took a leap of faith and it didnt dissapoint. So if u r stuck with this go for it."
5,It's very nice leptop 👍 amazing laptop I am very happy 👍
5,"Best Laptop Ever
Performance is excellent
Refresh Rate is good
10 sec boot time
Battery backup is not good
Powerful laptop"
5,"I am very well satisfied with the product. This laptop met beyond my expectations. Especially the display quality and speaker audio clarity was awesome than what I expect.
I would genuinely like to recommend this product for all those who are looking for an entry level gaming laptops among best brands and cheaper price.
Even very well designed all though it seems to be little bulk while carrying."
5,If you are looking for a best budget allrounder laptop under 60k.. just go for it without any hesitation..
5,"Laptops performance is very good.
At 60k laptop, it a best laptop for every one.
No problem, it's far better than last year victus"
5,Very Nice Product
5,"Amazing product, great for content watching, normal or minimalist gaming and video editing. You shouldn't expect a lot from this it is just an entry level gaming laptop. Beautiful design, I like the simplicity. Camera quality could've been better, like you sometimes feel absurd during video meets. Rest great battery, you can play GTA V on 120 Fps on med settings and low settings, Max settings will give around 30 fps. Valorant, CSGO are absolutely playable. Is buying for coding purposes, it's ...
READ MORE"
5,"Nice product, go for it"
5,Everything is Good but I think Speakers can be improved
5,superb product must buy if you fin this near 25k or under !
5,Nice product...but after 1 or 2 month i'll share my experience
5,Good performance and design. But it's so heating when's I do work in standard mode .
5,Best laptop for students for both gaming and office work with high performance and durability.
5,"It's a powerful machine for your day to day work. Using it for the past 3 weeks and had absolutely not problem. Product may heat up a bit above the exhaust fan area initially but after setup and everything is done and the laptop is charged for the first time you should have no such issues. Display is top notch and laptop is working buttery smooth. Getting an average of 3-4 hrs battery backup with regular task and operating it in medium brightness with backlight of keyboard off. The only downs...
READ MORE"
5,Nice product very smooth operating
5,In this price it is the best laptop. It is awesome.
5,Just looking like a wow 🔥
5,V good go for it ... value of money
5,Super
5,Very Nice and Slim product within this price range.
5,"It's good 😊 I love this prodack ❤️
But this price is varie experience"
5,all features are good..
5,Good work
5,Best laptop in best price.
5,Super fast speed
5,best product with best design. but low battery backup.
5,Overall good for the price
5,Product was awesome but battery capacity not impressed 👍
5,"Really good purchasing experinace
loved the product as well🤗"
5,"Osm Product,fast and easy multi tasking totally worth it"
5,Love this product
5,Its awesome
5,Hing quality is weak.but for this price hp with excellent specifications is this.so my suggestion is to go for it.😅😅
5,"Very smooth, I satisfied with this product."
5,Great laptop
5,"I'm speak less ..... Awesome 👍👍

Buy this product and say 🙏🙏Jay shree Ram 🙏🙏"
5,Very nice and powerful beast. Since it is a gaming laptop don't expect much battery efficiency. Overall good product.
5,Absolutely beast in a budget category 🔥🔥❤️
5,Very good for entry level gamer
5,"Awesome
Best in this price range"
5,"The product is very good but the battery is not good, the screen is also good and the shaft is also very good"
5,Best for coding 👾👾
5,really nice
5,Very nice laptop best in this price
5,"Extremely happy with the product
This 5 star rating was actually for the delivery bhaiya
who is very humble and polite ☺️"
5,nice at the price range
5,Perfect Laptop at this Price. Booting is fast. Averall performance is very Good.
5,Product is good at this price range got at 38000 ... Buy this for only professional use like learning and creating ppts etc .
5,Must buy..
5,"Hard processer, power full and build quality is awesome."
5,Overall good. You can purchase it
5,Good value for money laptop for normal use
5,Overall it is good but battery is disappointing me!!
5,Beast performance
5,Good for students
5,This product really good
5,Osammm product
5,Nice gud one in size display and performance
5,"So far the product is really good looking, good performance and value for money but the problem is with the battery capacity and which is normal in every pc and more over good to buy in this price range."
5,"Superb performance! Only one leptop in the market with i5 under 25k. Best performance. Chrisp screen. Clean system, metallic body. Only drawback is, the battery drains quickly."
5,It's too good 👍 go for it
5,Excellent product chuwi india 2k display was amazing
5,Just received the product. At first glance it's a eye catcher. Let's see how it perform.
5,"I'm Satisfied... Smooth Operator.
Valu for money"
5,"Currently best value for money at this range of under 55k in the market. i5 12th gen processor does it's job,runs software smoothly combined with rtx 2050.
Everything runs smoothly.
You can definitely consider this."
5,Nice Laptop in this range
5,"Nice lap..
Battery performance good.."
5,Looking good
5,Good laptop for android app developer
5,Best low price laptop display is good
5,Nice and good
5,This product is very nice.
5,Good for IT students. Nyc for coding.
5,"Excellent laptop, especially For Gamers. Overall laptop is good. But only battery is little weak"
5,Dell laptop are the best when comes to display and sound quality
5,"I am using this laptop since 2 months.
Best laptop in this segment."
5,Exllent
5,Very good product
5,I3 is good for normal usage....
5,Excellent Laptop. Dell Laptop are like i never had seen before and india's most trusted brand.
5,Most valuable laptop under 30k . Student must go to buy it.
5,Value for money
5,Very good product and working so smoothly 💯💯
5,Very good quality
5,The Laptop is very good and works fine. I can do basic level video editing also. Worth for money.
5,"It's working fine, a value for money deal"
5,Good quality very nice
5,"Nice performance
and good quality"
5,Good product and good value for money
5,It is a good laptop in all of its aspects.
5,"Good performance
Good Battery Backup"
5,"Totally satisfied.
Battery around 4 to 5 in regular use. The only drawback I felt was the loudness of speakers( but vocals were clear) but still a totally worth product."
5,👍🏻 nice
5,"After using it for a week it worked well, moderate to heavy work up to 12 hrs. To upgrade ssd have to visit an authorised service center."
5,Very good product 👌 👍
5,"This product is very good
It is recommended for students and people who need a budget laptop.
It has 16 gb ram and 512 SSD in just 25k.
It can run gta iv in 56 fps and wifi card and overall this is a 10/10 laptop"
5,Worth product.
5,"Best product in budget segment of 25k
Power full processor with 10 generation make is easy to work very fast. Thank you Flipkart."
5,Working fine for me...value for money
5,"One of the best option in this price range i would highly recommend my experience is owsm specially for battery ,performance"
5,Overall Great 👍
5,Best Laptop under 25K. Nice Display with bright colours.
5,Working well 👍
5,product is very good and the performance is very very good but the screen is not so much good.But the price is so much good.Over all I like the product so much
5,One of the best option in this price range reviewing after using two weeks drawback is no ms office pre-installed only trail version for one month
5,Very good product 🙂
5,Nice product fast delivery 5/5
5,"Value for money, In this price range it is the best laptop.
Awesome performance as well as the product itself."
5,Good and powerful product at the given price
5,Perfectly helpful.
5,"Its an amazing laptop, highly recommended. ❤️🫶🏻Go for it guys.👍"
5,"One of the best laptop in this price range.
There is no lag fingerprint reader is also fast"
5,Superb product
5,Good For Me at the value on Money.
5,"Every thing is good
Best laptop for student
Replacement service is very good
Batery is too good to study
I am using for 20 days and didn't face any problem"
5,I refer Only tow Difference Person College Going Students And Office Workers
5,Received today... This laptop is a very good buy in this price range. The only drawback as of now is screen display. The sound quality is superb. Very little heat is observed.
5,Go for it 🔥
5,Excellent product in this price range under 30k but battery backup is not as expected only 3 4 hrs
5,"Overall profermence good but cooling system is very poor,
Laptop hitting form start

Overall good 👍👍👍
Value for money under 32000rs"
5,Genuine
5,Super leptop
5,Perfect for normal college work
5,Wow and nice product..
5,Very good product 👌 I love it's
5,Best Laptop 💻 at this price.... Recommended👍
5,Excellent laptop. I m haapy
5,Battery issue only and other thing work properly i think it's worth to buy any low budget buyer
5,"Pros:

Great Price: I'm extremely pleased with my purchase of the Asus VivoBook 14, especially given the amazing deal I got during the Big Billion Sale with a card offer.

Lightning-Fast Fingerprint Sensor: The laptop's fingerprint sensor is incredibly quick, making logging in a breeze.

Comfortable Keyboard: The keypad is soft and responds well with just the right amount of pressure, making typing a comfortable experience.

AI Noise Cancelling Mic: The built-in AI noise cancelling mic works ...
READ MORE"
5,Good value for money laptop
5,This is my first laptop.. so will update later
5,"Value for money
- Other reviewers complain about battery, I really dont know because my charger is always connected to laptop
- display is good
- sound quality, some what ok
- windows get activated as u connect to internet.
- keyboard feels good
- touch pad is fine
- i have installed linux mint in it, it works so cool
- if u use windows, it takes 4GB RAM by default ( i dont use windows)
- charger wire quality is some what ok
- response time for apps are really great.


Please note that this l...
READ MORE"
5,I am happy
5,"The laptop is great then I expected.
Display is best in this budget.
Worth buying the laptop."
5,great
5,It's good 👍
5,Best product but battery performance bad value for money
5,Product is totally excellent
5,good quality Laptop... for office us..
5,Good budget laptop
5,Best product in this price segment the specifications chuwi is providing at this range is unbelievable i showed my laptop to my frnds they were amused to see the performance of the laptop and also the build quality of it..
5,Value for money.. battery backup can be better... Bit of heat... But performance is fantastic 🤩
5,Really very good products and value for money
5,Product is nice everything is good but battery is poor battery backup is very baad
5,Very very nice very nice very great very good
5,It's g good product
5,"All over I love the product means in this price range I got all the features~ HD webcam,Backlit keyboard,12th gen everything so I love it"
5,Good performance
5,Nice laptop for student for online class and programming.
5,So nycc product value for money
5,"The Dell Inspiron , with a quality overall user experience and capable performance is a good value proposition for working professionals and students
Thanks ❤️"
5,Built is normal performance wise good
5,"This laptop is fine the design is also beautiful ' battrey backup has not been checked will after few days' and everything is fine.
Will let you know after checking the battery backup for a few days.
Best laptop guys can do buy👍"
5,"Top rated product this laptop is one of the great perform laptop I like so much
Thank you seller and flipkart"
5,good product.Overall good.video memory doesn't meet the minimum required
5,Awesome product made by Asus.Beast of all gaming console.Its a masterpiece of technology compressed into small handheld device.Although it is a over priced product but purchased for 50k under SALE.
5,Regard to price product is very good... 👍
5,Very nice laptop nice working
5,"Value for money, gets the job done"
5,Good for office works and students..!
5,Best possible match for marketing and sales professionals with all pre loaded packages. Value for money
5,Amazing product in this price range.
5,Awesome Laptop on this Price range.
5,Very product with low price with best performance
5,Excellent product performance is good but battery 🔋 backup not good
5,Highly recommended. Superb Laptop.
5,Amazing 🤩
5,Very good product. No issue at all. This is 5 th laptop from Acer to me. Service is also good. They came to home for it. So satisfied from overall experience from Acer.
5,Best laptop but battery 🔋 drain fast
5,"Awesome Laptop. Best quality Laptop. Performance is very Nice.liked it From Puri, Odisha. Jay Jagannath."
5,Amazing product. Gifted my friend via COD.
5,"GOOD LAPTOP,PERFECT FOR CODING,PROGRAMMING ETC. AS IT HAS 8GB OF GRAPHIC MEMORY,BEST UNDER 25000,
BUT THE CONS ARE IT GETS HEATED VERY QUICKLY AND THE SCREEN SIZE IS SMALL."
5,Meet my expectations
5,Good Product in this price Range. Sound quality is also good.
5,"Received today , Inner features are super amazing
Charging cable needs an update"
5,"Display is really amazing, aesthetically awesome, i5 processor and 16 gb RAM is enough for smooth performance, overall specifications loaded laptop at this price range. Go for it.."
5,Really Awesome value for money 🤑
5,"Best quality products .
All important tasks are completed easily. Windows 11 was already present in the box. I have been using it for 2 months and haven't had any problems. I like this laptop very much."
5,Budget price main good laptop
5,verry good 👍👍
5,"Sabse best laptop, 🤑🤑🤑🤑"
5,"Not cannect wifi and Bluetooth
Hang problem"
5,Best Laptop For In This Range . looks are Very Attractive
5,Best performance while. Using this laptop.. I loved it but display brightness Is not good that's it overall the best laptop for students to learning a coding and small office works and other keys was amazing the main draw back in this laptop they don't provide a backlight keyboard
5,Execellent
5,Very nice and s
5,The laptop is really good. But I am bit confused as some of the reviews says it has baclit keyboard. This feature is not available in this model.
5,"I purchased this laptop on june 08...
Now its june 15 .. it working fine
I am purchasing this for coding..
Simple work run smoothly
But streaming or gaming it cause little bit heating...
Overall its very good laptop..

After reading so many reviews , i didn't like to buy this but i give it a try and it works fine...
Thank you dell and flipcart ...."
5,Nice everything is best this price range 👍and angel view is very good 😊.
5,It's nice and Good product 👍
5,"Good product💙💙
I love is product 🥰🥰🥰"
5,Very gud
5,First of all I was shocked 😱when I turned on first time it has backlight keyboard which is not mentioned in details and the performance is so smooth it has 120 hz display the display is feels like 2k the clear details and the viewing angel's are also good the design really feels premium quality and it's has thin bezels this laptop is my expectations above I loved it 🥰
5,"Nice Product,Loved it"
5,"Awesome
Value for Money
Best for regular use
Not with keyboard backlight"
5,Nice but baitry only 2-3 hour
5,Overall laptop is best but it get heat too fast and when it heated it works slow
5,"Fantastic laptop for this price..I am even using Linux on it..if you are looking for a laptop for dat-to-day use, just go for it🎉🎉🎉👌👌"
5,"Best leptop for first time users
Proformens 5
Display 4
Battery 4
Value for money 5 overall good 👍😊"
5,PESA vasul
5,Best laptop in this price range. Performance s yet to b analysed. As for now the speed display performance battery all r looking awesome.
5,Budget range mein batter product
5,Overall good product in this price range.only camera is not god at all.
5,Best prodect
5,Awsome product and ultimus customercare very sportive
5,Original window. Value of money.
5,"Good product for low budget
Outstanding performance
This budget laptop performance outstanding"
5,Awesome 😎 product best on this price rate smooth interface
5,"Osm,very easy to use this camputer,lovely desine,lightwaight,smooth,awasome parformance,☺☺☺"
5,Bhalo khub bhalo onek kom dame paye6i BBD te 👍
5,Very good product under the baget
5,Superb quality in this price
5,Excellent product look wise and performance wise superb product you can use for office and student and business purpose best laptop at these price
5,Excellent product.
5,Loved the design!
5,"Definately recommended, value for money, battry backup is not up to the mark, but overall performance good, in this price of 25 k is best deal...."
5,"Performance 5 star
Boot up with 11 second's
Display ok 4 star
Battery back up upto 3.5 to 4 hours 70% brightness
Overall RS. 29000 worth.. Value for money 👍
Battery 4856 mah 38 wat hour
No dolby sound
No ms office"
5,Performance is good and battery backup also good and almost things are good for normal day to day task
5,"Super Laptop value for money
My first laptop 💻😘😘"
5,"GOOD 👍 PRODUCT, VALUE FOR MONEY ."
5,"Great laptop for the price segment with the latest Ryzen 7000 series. Instant wake, fast bootup, good battery."
5,"Battery and display is ok ok,
But the perfomance and Design is excellent."
5,Excellent 👍
5,Best budget laptop
5,"Very good product, most valuable for the students in their study.Speed and display very good.SSD gives fast experience."
5,Battery backup is so good every long time
5,Sorry sir
5,Good laptop for all basic works and entertainment
5,Vary nice look
5,The Perfect Choice in this range.
5,Smooth
5,Vary nice
5,The performance of this laptop is good amazing price and performance
5,Laptop self camera supar
5,As per price. Perfect Laptop
5,Nice design 👍
5,"Good one as per the price range. You can find other laptops as well with the same pricing and advanced features but HP gives you that brand value and assurance. Go for it, if you are not an extensive user and need a light and stable well built product."
5,Good product for office use. Highly satisfied. It comes with backlit... Very sim
5,GOOD
5,It was good purchase
5,Awesome product 👌 love it
5,👍 nice laptop
5,Nice working
5,"Review after 3days:
1. Excellent display for this budget.
2. Performance is good too.
3. The only con I noticed is the battery, battery backup is only 3-4 hours only."
5,For student amazing 🥰🥰
5,"This laptop is a good condition and smart look
Battery 🔋 pickup is good minimum 5 to 7 hours"
5,Product is good but battery is not good
5,VALUE FOR MONEY PERFORMANCE TOP NOTCH RUNNING SMOOTHLY BATTERY BACKUP NOT OK
5,It is a good product
5,Affordable price good quality
5,"Excellent With Condition And Performance And Feel.
But Battery Backup Is Not Good And Not Beating Our Benchmark.
Overall Value For Money Must Buy................"
5,I didn't expect the laptop to perform this well.
5,It's a very good laptop for its price...
5,Premium rich look and Core i5 with 16Gb ram and HD display in this price range is more than expected.
5,Truly value for money laptop.
5,The laptop is really good for its price. A must buy for anyone looking out for a decently powerful laptop at a mouth watering price. The best thing about the laptop is the 2k display. It's stunning.
5,Good product in cheap price
5,Good product at that range
5,"Nice product, Under 70K , quality display, Good battery backup and performance also nice"
5,"Nice Display
Good Metal Build
Best Performance
Battery is good in Battery Saver mode upto 8-9 hours
But in Performance mode it drains quickly (3-4 hours max)"
5,Excellent display
5,Product and quality as well good brand is too good
5,"Awesome built quality sleek laptop with MS office 2021 home edition.

Amazing performance for standard usage"
5,"The product is so good, I really loved it"
5,Very nice laptop. Under 10000 this is the best. And customer service is also good.
5,This product is very useful at a low price. This is a nice piece.
5,"Cost and performance Good
Bad Dell i5 5th gen 2017 12ram lootop data received 100 mb sec, Lenovo same ram 12gb speed 70-81mb per sec speed"
5,very good product
5,This is really awesome👍
5,V. good
5,Quality is good and good battery backup value for money
5,"The performance of laptop is good at this price point,
The sound is slow
There is no backlit keyboard"
5,Worth for money. I7 processor within this price are very rare . performance is also good
5,Good configuration at this price
5,"Pros:
- Impressive processor and RAM for the price
- Good display quality
- Superb sound quality
- Spill-free keyboard is a nice touch
- Smooth performance in everyday tasks

Cons:
- Traditional charging method, lacks USB Type-C
- Power button feels a bit cheap
- Average build quality

In summary, this laptop offers excellent value for money with its powerful specs and solid display and audio features. The spill-free keyboard is a nice bonus, but the absence of USB Type-C and some build quali...
READ MORE"
5,"Changing the feedback after almost a month. In the start battery didn't even lasted for more than 30 mins. When I complained to HP customer support, they sent their engineer and a new battery was installed without any problem. Now it's working great. Great laptop and also great experience provided by customer service of HP."
5,"If it fits in your budget, then you have to stop searching and go for it. The best delivery from HP Pavilion."
5,Good for Administrative work
5,"I m writing review after using one month.
Very good product from HP and very smooth
Performance I m fully satisfied with this laptop thaks Flipkart for safe delivery"
5,"Very good Laptop and value for money. Delivery was very fast, thanks a lot to Flipkart."
5,The product is stilish and worth of cost
5,"Nice loptop.
Design is good.
Performance is also good.
Battery pack up is less and needed to improve.
Hp laptop is good for students and coding students.
Value for money.
Satisfied."
5,Best gift for my daughter value of money
5,Battery backup need to improve ...rest all stunning performance at this range
5,"This is very good product at this price, so useful for my children for there education, I recommend this product to everyone.... Value for our money definitely...."
5,Value for many and working is properly.. thanks flipcart❤️❤️🙏🙏
5,"Good product, value for money 💰"
5,"Satisfied this 👌
HP laptop product."
5,Flip Card is the best commerce site 🔥🔥☺
5,Product is very nice but delivery boy is very stupid...
5,Excellent working
5,Best laptop for business purpose
5,"Excellent product, amazing fratures in this price....great..👌👌👌"
5,excellent performance
5,Fantastic laptop looks good
5,I find it good enough I hope it will serve me well
5,"This is very good 👍 and nice ☺️☺️
Value for money"
5,Nice Laptop. Worth for money...
5,It's great
5,Value for money.. this is the best price I could get for this configuration.
5,I love the product.
5,"No Doubt to buy just go and buy I give 5/5 Star rating.
Super 😊👍"
5,This is best and unique product
5,Value for money. Performance good .battaery life good
5,"It's a amazing product from acer and I got it in big billion days after waiting so long. I was first doubted about the price and the product features which is hugely discounted.....but the product came genuinely with three boxes ( flipkart outer box, acer outer box and finally product box) I was so excited to see the product finally....with backlight, 56 what hour battery, fingerprint,i7,16gb,win11,semi flip.....I felt gifted....I need to thank the seller (sv peripherals)for their price and g...
READ MORE"
5,"It's really affordable deal, I have got
Battry backup is better than 80% of the laptop in market
Smooth and fast in terms of office use
It's just 3 days of use will add more points with use"
5,Good Product.
5,Value for money and everything is good but speakers are need to improve but overhaul in this price segment acer travelmate p2 model is best option.
5,It was an amazing experience
5,Everything good for a daily use/Student/programming laptop.
5,God product for the price.
5,"Money for Value super laptop
Working for super and hard working laptop"
5,"Perfect laptop for work and gaming on the side
Pros
+ Solid performance on gaming and content creation. High watt RTX 4050 overperforms some 4060s with low power
+ 2-in-one screen and included pen is very convinient
+ Good OLED display, colors look vibrant
+ Batttery life ok ok, could be better with updates

Cons:
- 60Hz screen at this price is laughable ASUS
- Facing some bluetooth issues with the mediatek driver. Hopefully fixed soon with updates
- Price is a little too high. But the system...
READ MORE"
5,Just phenomenal. My words can't describe this machine.
5,Loved it❤️
5,"Been waiting to buy a macbook since M1 lunch, but finally bought Air M2 because of BBD in Flipkart. I got it at an unbelievable price. But I was a little disappointed with the delivery as it got delivered after 4 days after it came out for delivery.

I think I don't need to talk anything about Macbook Air M2 performance, it's literally awesome and no window laptop can beat it's battery."
5,Totally Satisfied with this powerful machine. ✨
5,"Just one word
Awesome 😊"
5,Great laptop value for money.
5,"Apple Macbook Air M2 is my first laptop and I don't even need to elaborate on the quality and user friendliness of Apple devices. They always set the bar high when it comes to attention to detail like multiple device integration in the Apple ecosystem. No other company till now has been able to accomplish this feat so efficiently. Everything is so seamless that we are in awe of Apple products. No doubt these are premium and costly devices but we get our money's worth over a long duration of t...
READ MORE"
5,"Its a light weight powerful machine which is smooth and has zero lags.
The keypad quality is good.
Midnight black color looks very elegant."
5,Nice
5,I bought the product during BBD 2023 at a good offer price. I am a first time mac user and got fascinated with the design and build quality of the Macbook. I feel like and excellent purchase.
5,"Good product ,battery backup also good"
5,"Overall a product that never disappoints. The only thing that u don't like in this black colour is a fingerprint magnet every time you touch it, it gets full of fingerprints."
5,"Superb laptop, no lagging, windows 11 work well, battery backup almost 9-10 hours.
Go for it"
5,Okkkk
5,good product....value for money
5,"For performance it is good
But battery life is very bad"
5,It is good product
5,Value for money product with 7i
5,overall this laptop is awesome properly value for money
5,Value for money. Didn't use much to comment about battery backup. Otherwise a very good product in this price range.
5,Good for 45k
5,You can buy definitely without any choice
5,Nice leptop🤩 value for money 👍
5,Great product.
5,Within few months number 6 from keypd was not working however lenovo services are best came within 2 days and replaced it not it is working fine and overall product at this price range is awesome
5,"Excellent & far far better than HP laptops. Very fast at lowest price.
Battery backup: 5-6 hrs for 100% charge
No heating problem.
Delightful design & HD resolution.
Everything beyond expectations except webcam ( webcam could have been improved, but not required in smart phones era )."
5,This is an vry good product at that price range. No one compete this product in the market at that time. Thankyou Lenovo.
5,"I have received this laptop on 4 Oct 2021 ....
Laptop delivers within 48 hrs
I have unpacked the laptop found no physical damage
Bill's and warranty card are available inside laptops
Design is super
Laptop boots with in 5 seconds
Laptop has automatic booting
Laptop shut down with in 5 seconds
Charger connecting
Windows 10 Os with 64 bit
Ms office full access
McAfee anti virus
Google chrome and edge available
All keys working properly in keyboard including mouse
Wifi and bluetooth working p...
READ MORE"
5,Performance is good.. worth for work from home
5,Good prodoct
5,"Superb and price is also less, good for travel as its compact and bit fast too"
5,It's a best and beautiful laptop
5,Just go for it gaming experience was great and battery life is 9.5 hour and we can play GTA v and Minecraft and we also get 1month free xbox pass just go for it nice product
5,"Acer travelmate laptop is good. This laptop is suitable for students, working professionals and small businessman.
All thing are good but sound is pretty low.
Performance is good after three days use I wrote this review for all of you."
5,"Writing after one month of usage
Awesome laptop with affordable price for middle class."
5,Best laptop under this price very much good quality 😃😃 with windows 11
5,Very good Laptop on Average price
5,"First impression is awesome not have hanging problem and battery response is also good
Thanks flipkart"
5,This product is so good. But it took so much times and it was delivered under 9 days. Value of money. I recommend you to buy this laptop......
5,"Worth buying it. Everything is perfect at price point except for camera but still better than others at this price range.
Battery backup is upto 7hr+"
5,Lenovo ideapad 3 core i3 laptop is nice also performance and copy paste speed also high due to ssd. Love and recommend to all friends. Thanks
5,"One of the best Laptop in the market for home usage. Mind-blowing display, Crystal clear sound quality, Smooth touch experience,Run 4k video , Built with Windows 11 and MS Office along with many other useful softwares. If you are looking for a budget laptop then just go for it. I bet you will definitely like this."
5,Very useful laptop
5,"Most powerful Laptop in 30000 sagment display is ok if you think about the price.. but it can be better.
I'm using Photoshop CS6 and Illustrator 2024 along with many more Softwares in it.."
5,"I think best laptop in this price
Value for money
thanku flipcart"
5,"Very good laptop if u need and budget friendly laptop under 30k with good performance,display,audio,video,multitasking and game is also ok ok with high graphics if u low down ur graphics setting in game to medium it will run 👍🏻👌🏻 go for it."
5,good one in this price ange
5,Prodect is very good 😊you can buy it....
5,nice product go and buy it now dont wait👀👀👀👀👀😍
5,Overall good 👍 product go for it
5,I'm a student and I needed the laptop for day to day activities. It's working very smoothly. Excee
5,Value for money. Amazing product in this price range .
5,Thanku
5,It's worth to purchase.
5,Awesome itam
5,Goog
5,Good product at this range 👍
5,Beast in this price range...
5,Good product and higly recommend to buy.
5,Good look.. performance ok.. battery little low.. value for money yes
5,Wonderfull experience ✌🏻✌🏻
5,Great product fully satisfied.
5,"Good product 👍 velue for money 💰 But as the company told on the laptop that the laptop will run for 8 hours, the battery is nothing like that, it can last only 4 hours."
5,The laptop is very good for student/office purpose. Performance is great. Design is A+. Display is poor as it is TN panel. Battery 🔋 is amazing. I'll update my review after using it more. Ms office 2021 version provided in this laptop. But screen wobble a lot this is a con in this device.
5,I'm very happy with this laptop.
5,Its a awesome product only because of the specifications provided in this price range. Very useful for office and students use. Under 40k u will get 8gb/256gb ssd with core i3 10th generation processor which is not available in other brand like hp or dell. Performance of the laptop is also up to the mark. Thin and light. Just go for it. Worth purchase.
5,Very good. Thanks to lenovo and flipkart.
5,"Only mising backlit keyboard but value of money good laptop
Speed good
Battery 3.5 hour"
5,Thank You🥰
5,Very nice product for this money ☺️
5,"Budget laptop nice performance,"
5,"Best laptop for students 😉 go for it ,it's very light and best battery backup upto 4 hours , real & honest review"
5,"Laptop seems to be Good value for Money.

Pros : Nice Processor n Ram
Display also Good
Sound Quality is Superb.
Keyboard also spill free.
Performance vise working smoothly.
Update the review after a month.

Cons : same old type charging process.
No type c charging.
Power button key very cheap.
Build quality is average.
Made in China product."
5,"Really satisfied by the quality and compactness of the product and performance is undoubtedly awesome.

Cons:-

No Type C charging though it has a type C port for all other work.

No Backlit keyboard and Fingerprint Sensor.

Note:- No MS Office included so you have to buy the subscription separately."
5,Superb value for money
5,"Everything is good
but display in light and volume is average
Overall nice product"
5,Yaa mone....onnonnara laptop aan ith... 💯
5,"I have used this laptop for 10 days and I like it. Its display is so good that you won't want to watch a series or movie on your phone. Although it doesn't have a graphics card it can still support multiplayer games like PUBG on medium graphics but it heats too much and genshin impact on almost the highest graphics and many other games. The battery isn't good, in the description it says that you can use it for 5.5 hours but it can only support up to 3-4 hours and if you play games you have to...
READ MORE"
5,"Amazing performance. Value for money.
Superb"
5,The product is excellent
5,Sleek and very lightweight
5,So marvellous 🤩
5,Good one for office and personal use...
5,I got it in 22 at sale. And i am very satisfied with my purchase. It runs all software with i ran in my other dell 40k laptop.
5,Nice protect ❤️❤️
5,"Really it is nice compact laptop along with numbered keys, big display so that to conveniently to work, battery backup is good enough, back light keyboard is missing, hence it is enough for family purpose and small office work."
5,"Value for money
Good product 👍
Nice laptop for Display"
5,"Awesome
V good sound quality
Overall v gd performance"
5,HP laptops always better in terms of quality and reliability.
5,Best product by HP.
5,"Excellent product, just go for it.....choose Asus over Acer anyday."
5,Amazing machine for gaming and design is superb
5,Delivers what it promises.
5,"It's like a beast. Build quality and design is best . The RGB light just wow 😯.
Battery only 1-2 hour depending but it's okay for gaming laptop.
i5/13th HX performance is good.
And last the display is excellent 👌👌...it's feels 300+ nits brightness 🔅."
5,It is ultimate in performance
5,Good product. High end games work smoothly. Nice performance in 3d software too
5,"This laptop is great and best for Students and programmers.

A lot of people will tell you that you can't install cracked apps but there are lots of options.

The battery is best no laptop comes close to it in terms of battery.

The keyboard and trackpad are the best that I have ever uses in any laptop especially the keyboard that is spot on the backlit is the best among all the laptops.

Coming to performance M2 chip will handle anything you throw at it but to mention M2 chip has slower SSD ...
READ MORE"
5,"This MacBook is a fine wine ..
Go for it without any second thought.. 💗♾️🍷"
5,"Used for 2 months
Pros:
1.Performance is really good but 8gb ram will not be enough if you're doing video editing
2.Battery life is absolutely amazing
3. This was my first MacOs experience and I can say that Windows is better. There are some things that MacOS does better but it's not enough
4. I've played some games only a few. Not for gaming
5. Display , build, keyboard, touchpad , webcam and speakers are all very good
Cons:
1. It's very expensive just for an additional 256gb or 8gb ram
...
READ MORE"
5,"Amazing, superb, mind blowing"
5,Product it good
5,display Delicately
5,The battery could have been better or more optimised.
5,"Good for gaming, programming, multiplayer
Nice battery backup
No issues with the product"
5,"1. One of the best processor in this range
2. Display is ok not the best but ok
3. The battery also runs for about 4 hours with high performance
4. If all you care about performance then this is for you"
5,Nice performance 👍👍
5,Very good laptop.Performance is also very good.Only the quality of the display is not good.
5,"Till now no issue found , display is pretty good, performance is nice and battery backup is good."
5,"Awesome product. Good battery backup with average usage. Charge fast. Camera is ok ok.
Overall good and value for money."
5,"Great buy. Fast boot , good configuration for daily work. Probably you won't get such a configuration for 26k laptop."
5,This product best for money amazing performance it's best for student
5,It is a value for money laptop under 28000
5,I like it
5,"It's ok, because I can't compare with other brand. I have only this one"
5,"Good for workholic person, High processing power,Best Coding laptop"
5,Light weight and friendly use
5,It's a good laptop for mild gaming but good for workaholics after all it's a power pack product it's good for students to study You can play some games and it can run it but there will be a lag after it doesn't make up for this.Overall it's good and budget friendly
5,"Got 8gb variant at 32.5k, value for money for normal uses.
Do not forget to check waranty on the lenovo official website it was showing from 3 months back, raise query they will correct it within a day"
5,Perfect machine for coding and mid end gamers.booting speed is awesome.it take 2 to 6 sec all been set. Silent keyboard with number pad available. I'm well satisfied with this laptop. While using heavy application like Android studio heat induce.dual speaker available.
5,Excellent 👌😉
5,"Best laptop in this price (73K in big billion day Sale)

Pros:
Thinner and lighter
Liquid retina display
Good 1080p webcam
Fastest M2 chip
Long battery life (lasts more than a day)
No fan noise
Smooth Mac OS
Loud and clear audio quality

Features missing in this price range:
Touch screen
Oled display
Atleast 512 gb storage
Refresh rate (atleast 90hz)
Fast charging
Tablet mode"
5,"If you need a laptop for parsonal uses , editing, coding, and much more at the best price range,
Not for gaming, if you play smaller game like 200mb the machine gonna too hot 🔥 if you are not a gamer then go for it..."
5,"Very good performance and battery life. Coming from windows some things I like while somethings I hate.
But from the machine perspective value for money. Not for gamers."
5,"Best in class
Display is just awesome crisp images
Sound quality very good
Fast charging also MagSafe
M2 chip best
Starlight colour loved it
Expensive but apple is apple"
5,"The Item is outstanding, But the delivery was delayed due to Ekart Logistics."
5,"Performance of Mac is much superior as compared to any windows machine. If you are concerned w.r.t productivity and efficiency of your efforts on laptop, choose Macbook.

For my needs, M2 gives most value for money.

CAUTION - Beware of the fact that if you are switching from windows ecosystem, you will need to put spend substantial efforts in first 2-3 weeks to learn Mac commands and shortcuts."
5,Best laptop in 67k
5,You can go for it without even thinking twice. Definitely worth the price.
5,"No need to tell it's apple
Good as al"
5,The macbook is brilliant
5,Great...
5,"The best product and building quality is superb, no matter for the usage if u r a windows user and planning to buy mac."
5,Value for money product buy it☺️.
5,I bought it for 33k and in this price range it's the best laptop 🔥
5,"Browsing, multi tasking , programming, games all works nice.
Battery is little bit low. Display is average.

Performance is really good in this price range.
If your budget is low, go for this laptop."
5,"Value for money
Best speed in this price range"
5,Value for money in below 35k range
5,"This is a good product.
As a ryzen 5 performance. I can do everything that I want.
This was an very good product for students and office."
5,"Excellent product.. I got this at price of 32k... Great performance.. Ryzen 5 5500U hexa Core processor Available in only this Price Range Laptop..

Istakart Courier service is not good in Kolhapur city.. Delivery not in time..

Overall Product is Good.."
5,Excellent laptop. Ryzen 5 5500u 256gb SSD 8gb ram at just 30k is good.
5,Laptop performance very fast 😊
5,"In this price segment this is the best laptop you can go for.
So far very good performance from the laptop"
5,My first laptop..... Performance of laptop is Best in the segment....
5,Excellent product 👍
5,good at this price
5,Great laptop.
5,Quality mst he
5,"Look, performance and battery life is excellent
Value for money ❣️"
5,this seller is very helpful and kind
5,Best value for
5,"Overall Good
I got in
Battery Backup is not Enough
Otherwise best One"
5,"Overall good laptop.
Display quality is very nice and sound is also good but Backlit is missing in i3 version
Battery backup around 4 to 5 hours as per uses."
5,"Awesome performance. And awsome battery backup, Near about 6-7 hours.
Only one thing not good display brightness 250."
5,"pros
battery charging time
battery backup
performance
value for money
build quality
cam quality
display resolution
lite weight
no heating problem. i just faced it only one time only


cons
display is good but its fade in different angle
sound is low
too delicate"
5,NICE AT THIS PRICE POINT
5,"Best below 40k giving better performance than i51235 and startup time is 5sec
Have extra slot for ram upgrade
And extra slot for sata drive"
5,"After ram update you can play ac mirage. Shadow of the tomb Raider. Pubg pc
God of war 4 .... Best processor i ever seen AMD RADION RYZEN 5"
5,"Good product. A little bulky but the performance is very good. Comes with genuine office 2021, which was not given in the description."
5,Very good👍 ❤
5,Budget laptop with great performance.
5,Good product 👍 ✌️
5,Really appreciate. This is the good product same as display at the time of buying
5,Very nice Product ❤️❤️
5,It's amazing laptop but display quality is too bad.
5,"This is my first laptop I am so happy amezing performance with amazing look 😍
Value for money 🤑 ,Battery backup 5-6 hrs
Gamig performance average"
5,Go for it perfect for students with tight budget.
5,Very good product..... I love it
5,Happy with this product.
5,Value for money 😍
5,"Display is not up to mark other than that everything is good, value for money"
5,Super Just wow ...
5,"Value for money, battery backup is also awesome. Some reviews are negative about battery backup but they just need to do some configuration/setting they will get 5-6 hrs battery backup.
Awesome experience !!!!!"
5,"Overall good product, but very late delivery by Flipkart. Performance is outstanding, display is good and durable, metal body and it's sleek design makes it easy to carry, backlit is a bit dull on full brightness. Overall good product."
5,Nice performance
5,Valuables products
5,4.7....purple line in screen in 25 day
5,This asus vivobook 16x is aswome in gaming and good build quality. Good for professional work and good for students to.
5,"It is fast, slim and handy"
5,Display is very good dont go on reviews....
5,"The best one at this price, go for it without a second thought."
5,"Good Product by Lenovo, Value for money.
Excellent Discount by Flipkart on Freedom sale.
Go for it...

This experience share after 1 month use.."
5,"Shifted from Windows to MacOS after using Windows till date. Takes a little time to get used to the new OS. But oh Boy!
-Its fast, smooth, light weight, super portable and a delight to work with.
- Display is amazing
- Speakers are loud
- No heating issues
- The biggest Highlight is the battery backup - runs well for a good 15-18 hrs on normal work usage
- Keyboard is fantastic, crisp, firm

The only negatives:
- the midnight color is a fingerprint magnet
- port selection is super limited"
5,I am satisfied to bought this
5,Best performance 💯
5,Very nice product 🔥🥳💖
5,Yaa a very good budget friendly laptop coming with maximum features..... only the speakers of the laptop is not good rather than a excellent laptop go for it ...
5,Best in budget extremely happy for buying this
5,Display is Good Quality ane screen look in wery nice
5,Can give you around 30 fps in gya 5
5,"Good product for multitasking
Not for high level gaming"
5,"Pros- 1) best RTX 3050 6gb with 95W tgp. 2) ventilation works well, hence, no overheating (played Howgwarts legacy nonstop for 8 hours with everything high even Ray tracing on high with dlss on quality with fps locked on 75fps). 3) 144hz display really helpful for valorant and other fps games and no screen or hing wobble. 4) Charges superfast , 5)MUX switch available, we can always use DGPU directly. 6) keyboard has 1.5 mm travel so gives a little tactical feedback and is good (played tekken ...
READ MORE"
5,"I have been using this about a month .and its really impressive how it perform in game and other multitasking work
1 - great for high level gamming ( you can play latest AAA titles on high settings like i have played miles morales on max settings without dlss and its gives above 60 fps with mux switch on and thermals selected to performance
2- great for watching movie 🍿 the colour looks nice
3 - build quality is great , no flex
4- 350 nits brithness which is great ,no brand in this price s...
READ MORE"
5,"Product is worth the money you spent. I got it for 71k. Display ,nvidia gpu and keyboard is good. I bought it for coding and casual gaming. All coding ide s are loading super fast. Only con is battery which holds charge for 2 hours while working"
5,"This laptop is beyond awesome.This is just like a desktop on ur lap .U can easily get 120+fps in GTA 5 in max settings with temp around 80.i played games for about 4 hours and temp were under 90
Battery is as expected from gaming laptop but best battery in this segment about 3 hours
Also build quality feels so premium
I can assure that this is better than tuf and Nitro
Just Go for it 🔐🔐"
5,My usage is very minimal(myself beginer) for that size it's good
5,Most powerful laptop out there.
5,"The deep midnight color is striking and adds a touch of elegance. The viewing experience is truly remarkable, providing vivid and immersive visuals. It's suitable for standard video and photo editing tasks. However, for users engaging in intensive video editing, it is advisable to choose the 512GB storage option due to the slower SSD speed of the 256GB model. Overall, considering the features and performance at this price point, it's a compelling deal."
5,"First time i have purchased a apple macbook and i am fully satisfied with the product, the design and looks of this are insane and just loves the product very much and the midnight colour is awesome, definitely value for money."
5,Just moved from my old macbook air to M2 air. Overall the laptop is fast and capable of doing all the tasks required. Battery backup is very good. Overall happy with the purchase.
5,"The product is osm, you can go with this without any hesitation
I am writing the review almost purchasing after 2 months.
Display and design 10/10
Speaker and camera 10/10
Performance and build quality 10/10
Battery backup 10/10 unbelievable

I am very happy to purchase this and using this very smoothly no lagging any type i am work this MacBook almost 15 hours per day office purpose very very nice choice and i am running the coding apps on the mac till now no lagging seen. It is working ve...
READ MORE"
5,"It's my first macbook. It was totally a different feeling to own it. Right from its aesthetic finish look to its performance... All r just amazing. Silver macbook has different royalty and classic touch. The sleek design and light weight makes it to carry wherever and whenever. The M2 chip does the work. The transfers and downloads were way faster. The battery life is fine... Camera is great... Overall, if u really want to shift from windows to MacOS then just go for it. Apart from the cost,...
READ MORE"
5,"So beautiful,so elegant,just looking like a wow, starlight colour wow😍"
5,"The MacBook Air M2 truly sets a new standard in performance and portability. Powered by the impressive M2 chip, it effortlessly handles demanding tasks while maintaining remarkable speed and efficiency. The sleek design, lightweight build, and vibrant Retina display make it a joy to use on the go. With its exceptional battery life and immersive audio, the MacBook Air M2 offers an unparalleled experience for both work and entertainment. It's a remarkable laptop that perfectly balances power an...
READ MORE"
5,Good
5,"Happy with the delivery; got it early in the same day, although expected was 3 days from the order.

Thought to buy asus oled additionally but it very much matches that quality and punchiness in colors!"
5,"Review after 1 week
Performance 10/10
Display 10/10
Easier to use
Light weight like we hold a book in hand 👌
Happy with the product and installation speed as well as top notch on transferring data.
My first Macbook after Windows..."
5,Value for money product with good quality and performance
5,Performace is good
5,Good product for creative things and coding 🤠
5,"The laptop is amazing, although there is some heating issue while playing heavy games but it can be reduced by cooling pads. Overall it is value for money."
5,"In full mode with plugged-in the performance is high and it support high graphic game without any small lag, When the lap is unplugged there is small lags in some place but according to this cost the performance is satisfied. While using in standard mode the battery backup is better, while choosing performance or full mode the battery drained in small time like 2-3 hr. The standard mode is enough for the multitask and day to day use because the performance is very good, while playing only we ...
READ MORE"
5,"Best laptop just awesome, love it"
5,This laptop getting heat up other than any laptop
5,Product is very good but battery backup only 2 hours
5,"Best under 60k
All rounder laptop"
5,Great to work
5,"I am writing this review after 1 month of use. Compact and powerful laptop. Very very fast thanks to i5 processor. Battery backup is good during normal use but drains super quick during heavy gaming. Gaming is super smooth. Charging is super quick, thanks to 135W charging brick. You will get 3 USB ports, 1 HDMI, 1 Ethernet and 1 Type C port. Overall value for money totally. I have got MS office complimentary for lifetime, 3 months McAfee Antivirus, and 3 months of Xbox pass. Speakers are also...
READ MORE"
5,Best gaming laptop with good display battey last for 4 hours on normal usage good battery according to gaming laptop
5,"Must buy for tech students,gamers
Go for this instead of ideapad gaming 3
This has more features and power in comparison
Ideapad gaming 3 has 4gb vram
Loq has 6GB vram
Which helps to store more graphic memory and gives you better visuals and performance"
5,"First Gaming Laptop I purchased and I must say it is AMAZINGGG!!!
Build quality is great and the new refreshed RTX 3050 makes games go butter smooth i was getting 120 fps + on High setting and DLSS on Performance Hellblade Senuas Sacrifice which is GPU intensive game , only the battery capacity is on lower end but is expected from this gaming laptop like this one✨🥵"
5,Value for money about battery my opinion is it's good according to uses build is 5/5 performance 5/5 other things like speaker they loud and clear if u want to much sound then buy dj setup
5,"the Lenovo Loq is a good budget-friendly gaming laptop that offers good performance for the price. However, the battery life is average but you can expect average battery life from a gaming laptop.
If you want a laptop that lasts 18 hours, get a MacBook."
5,"Laptop performance is good overall at this price range
There is no as such issues in overall performance"
5,"Worth buying. The seller is good. Go 4 it.
It is classy along with gaming features.
Touches every profession.
Loved it."
5,Absolute beast in this price range. You easily get 110+ fps in GTA 5 in max settings and 280+ fps in valorant. Extremely fast and value for money product
5,The product is fantastic and lenovo tech support is also quite impressive if you face any difficulty while setting up device. Battery could have been better but other than that no complaints as of now.
5,"Good laptop, the only downside so far is low srgb and storage in this varient."
5,Value for money...go for it👍
5,"Definitely worth it, I've played titles like Horizon zero dawn (even completed it in 2days), uncharted 4, tlou part 1, Spiderman and runs great even on ultra with no issue, the thermals are great and the fans aren't that loud"
5,This device is very good looks and performance is also good but the battery backup is not soo much good otherwise it's a good device
5,"This laptop is quite good.. but quite heavy as well. All though performance is epic, but I don't know the screen refresh rate don't go down to 60hz to save battery."
5,All are good.. but battery is next update please improve
5,Best laptop in this budget
5,First i want to thank the seller then Flipkart authentic product then about performance it's beast in this price range i have played mafia 3 and fifa 19 no issue or fps drop and it's better then tuf and acer nitro in this price range ✌️😁
5,Backlit keyboard is mandatory on this range
5,Best purchase in this price. No other company provide this combination in this price range. Thank you FlipKart for your service. Recommended to everyone.
5,Nice product 😀 I'm so happy 😁😊
5,Loved it
5,Everything is good in this laptop except battery backup. If it has good battery backup too then this will be the best laptop in this price segment.
5,Over all laptop is verygood
5,Nice results. Good in this price point
5,OK for day to day work.
5,Nice Laptop Brand Lenovo 🔥🔥
5,"Excellent product, Finger print is very fast, build quality excellent
Display quality is good as it is IPS display, only there is not backlit keyboard in i3 system...
Overall value for money..."
5,Ok 👌👌👌👌👌
5,"The HP 255 G9 with AMD Ryzen is a solid performer for everyday tasks. The Ryzen processor handles multitasking smoothly, and the overall performance is reliable for office work, browsing, and light gaming. The build quality is decent, and the display is clear with good color accuracy."
5,Nice laptop with good performance.
5,Prefect product and perfect price. I bought this mac for 78k in big billion days. I have been using this for 3 days now. It is working properly and had no starches. It's perfectly original and the packaging was also good. Really satisfied.
5,best in segment 💯💯
5,"Impressive Performance and Value: Lenovo Loq i5 12th Gen Laptop

I recently purchased the Lenovo Loq i5 12th Gen Laptop, and I must say, it has exceeded my expectations in every way. From its sleek design to its powerful performance, this laptop is a true winner.

The 12th generation Intel Core i5 processor ensures smooth multitasking and speedy performance, whether I'm browsing the web, streaming videos, or working on demanding tasks. The laptop's responsiveness is remarkable, thanks to the...
READ MORE"
5,This product is best under battery if you not rapid charge i got it for 72k in bbd sale this is the best i am playing gta v at 130-140 fps at ultra settings. Tomb raider at 100fps and god of war at 80-90 fps
5,All the things are good but battery backup is very very very poor.
5,"This is my first gaming laptop, I got this on BB days. This device is quite capable of running high- ultra settings triple A titles games on 1080p res. In terms of productivity, this laptop can handle it very well. Comes with MS office 2021 and 170 W charger. Battery backup is 5-6 hrs with quiet and igpu mode on and screen brightness set to 50%. Overall, it's a value for money laptop for students and working professionals as well."
5,"Honestly, it is a banger for this price segment and could easily beat the nitro 5 and Asus f15. Design is sleek and Display is the best you can get."
5,Amazing laptop. top notch in all ways!
5,Good Product. Battery is not too great
5,"Best for students, Combination of gaming and students work both.... Display nits is good and overall good performance.😇😇"
5,Overall very good. Ignore battery backup...🙂
5,I got it and the better price and deals because of this it's a value of money product
5,Best gaming laptop except for battery in this price range
5,"The MacBook Air M2 is Apple's latest addition to its renowned lineup of ultraportable laptops, and it certainly has a lot to offer. With its sleek design, remarkable M2 chip, and impressive battery life, it's a compelling choice for many users. However, it's not without its downsides.

**Pros:**

1. **Stunning Design:** The MacBook Air M2 maintains the iconic, slim, and lightweight design that Apple is known for. It's an absolute head-turner with its aluminum chassis.

2. **M2 Chip Performanc...
READ MORE"
5,Just go for it. Performance and beauty is really amazing. 😻
5,Design and build quality is excellent🤩... Performance is good enough for most users🙃... Handles day to day tasks with ease😉... Battery life is mind benging😅... Overall bang for the buck😎
5,"Just as expected,Awesome!"
5,"I'm reviewing after 2 months, honestly I assure that I have used many laptops but this is the most experience ever. Literally M2's have crucial or beast performance no doubt. It's feel like butter on a hot pan, and I suggest if you purchase M2 you should be go for the starlight colour seriously colour is very unique."
5,EXPENSIVE BUT AMAZING! 🤯
5,Awesome ✨❤️
5,"2 weeks review, product is very optimal in performance, price a bit high but overall product satisfaction is always there when ever u purchase an apple product, would take time to get used to its apps those who r used to working on windows like I am. Good buy 👍"
5,"Amazing Display, battery and performance is super efficient, best product at a best price with the credit card discount.

Lastly the new Starlight colour just looks 😍 fantastic..."
5,"Awesome battery backup, performance wise no complaints , slick design and loved the midnight colour.... Although it's a fingerprint magnet

Delivery experience was very good"
5,"Best machine
Super slim
Superb battery backup
Superb performance
Superb display
Premium design
Nice packaging
100% genuine
Far better than windows laptp"
5,Blindly go for Macbook if your budget allows. No other laptop can provide this quality and premiumness
5,"Nice laptop, build quality is good comparing Dell laptops which prices are higher then Acer."
5,Really good... More than I expected... Changed the os to windows 10... It's awesome
5,Thinking to reaplace hdd by a 120 gb ssd
5,"very good laptop at this price. just have to install windows
and the best part is i got it for 18990 and now it is 26000
very portable"
5,Good multicorree performance in benchmarks best product don't think just buy it
5,"Amazing product by lenovo
Good for gaming and editing the display is quite good
Some user might face windows issue as it crashes for no reason sometimes"
5,All over good but battery backup is poor 😔
5,"Got it at a price of 75k...
All ports available....
Timely software updates...
Initially found some bugs for display blackout but with driver update its working fine"
5,I'm satisfied this product
5,Very good performance 5/5
5,"I don't like the battery back up I am using it since last 1 month only but I have to change it after every 4 hours of continuous work, it was written that battery back up is 6 hours"
5,Nice 😊👍
5,So good
5,Product is very good
5,Very nice product and batter battery backup 5/6 hours
5,"Good condition and performance wise superb, worth"
5,loved it
5,Thank you sir
5,Best in this Range.
5,Best laptop at this price... My only complaint is you have to install atleast ms office
5,Good very nice
5,"Very nice product , especially in this price range . Performance is good no lag whatsoever , just the battery backup is not that good but since I have to use it mostly plugged in then it's best for me . I have bought it for learning programming and freelance purposes and it's a good machine for it ."
5,"Best in the budget 🙌💥🔥
The design is just killer 🥶
Performance is also good for basic uses but if you want to gaming or editing in AE then I won't recommend but after best for normal use and I personally ordered this for chart analysis."
5,Very nice performance better then IBM
5,Veery. Good. Product
5,Product is super good but prize is too high
5,"Really great laptop at this price
for storage just add another 1tb ssd and you are good to go
Absolute beast at this price"
5,Good leptop। proform good
5,"Pros
beautiful look
light weight
reasonable performance
good display
faster RAM

Cons
Viewing angles

Use Rufus GPT to create a bootable disk. Doesn't need to install any drivers from the internet. Just give windows update.

while installing windows if the cursor doesn't show up, change the touchpad option to basic in F2 BIOS menu. After installing change it back to advanced to enjoy touchpad gestures."
5,"Pre-installed OS is not Ubuntu and it's completely command line. So, after purchase go for new OS installation directly."
5,very good delivery and good product at this price
5,"Ordered it on Saturday and received on Monday,I went to store to collect since I wanted to unbox it in front of the ekart staff because of past fraudulent incidents,our area manager is cooperative and nice.Packaging was great and received in good condition.
-The first impression of this laptop is wonderful,it looks premium and is lightweight.Build quality is also upto the mark,the thing that disappoints is lack of LED indicators,there is no indicator for power button,caps lock and num lock (f...
READ MORE"
5,My best friend for the past 2 months!! I'm frequently using adobe premiere pro and Photoshop in this laptop and the performance is just amazing....
5,Nice product 👍👍
5,superb power laptop
5,"Good Product
And Awesome Lighting
Best Performance"
5,Good product.worth for money
5,Very very nice product Super
5,An amazing
5,"This laptop is good and the performance is very good
Designe is attractive"
5,Good Quality nyc looking easy carry
5,The product is good.
5,Awso
5,Awesome.
5,Nice laptop very good performance thanks
5,Very nice product
5,"This is my first MacBook Air with M2 chip.
Space grey color.
Overall performance is very good.
Battery is Good.
Display is superb.
Finally I owned my Mac.

But I need laptop bag."
5,"First time i have used macbook after windows and i would say i can't use windows again.beautiful display with amazing sound (specially dolby atmos feature) Performance of laptop is far better than windows top notch model laptops.

Flipkart delivery was worst part in this purchase.I have got this laptop 10 days after placing order and after making so much efforts.But overall i am satisfied with my purchase."
5,It's a beast in budget. It will chew any game and deliver great performance. It is perfect for daily work and casual gaming.
5,It's most worth for mechanical engineering students
5,Best Laptop For Engineering Student's Under 60k.
5,Best quality products. Smaller battery issue .
5,"Its is good for low level gaming, office work editing for students also but it litter bit heavy over all effortable"
5,Very good worth money
5,Better
5,working well 3 month passed no issue
5,Very nyc leptop
5,Best laptop for normal users
5,One of the good laptop with good battery backup
5,"When i ordered and came to know about seller review,i was scared that in what condition i will get macbook. but i was wrong.

This is my first macbook and i am fully satisfied with the product with original packaging of apple and got genuine product.

It's very thin and light and looks very premium.

As A software developer, i installed intellij idea ide and guess what.
It's magic,it is opening just in a click and within 5 seconds.
Great performance, no heating issue, sound quality awesome an...
READ MORE"
5,Super product
5,Go for it..its awesome
5,"Best , best and best 🫶🏻👑🍎"
5,Its really very good and compact device.
5,"Superb built quality, Amazing performance and display quality...

Got it at 72k, wonderful product at great price."
5,"Great laptop. Very good performance, battery life and look and feel. Very happy with my purchase"
5,Superb 😍
5,Best powerful machine in all aspects
5,just love how apple is in their own league!!
5,"Loved it, it's my first MacBook that I earned from my hardwork 🥺❤️"
5,"This is a very good laptop .
But the only thing is it is a finger print magnet..."
